The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvani . The American monument , built in 2000 is classed as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry was established in 2000 , and is considered a Contributing Propert . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is situated in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . The monument is categorised as a contributing property . In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County , Pennsylvania , U . It is now categorised as a contributing property . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . The monument was established in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County Pennsylvania US . It was completed in 2000 and is a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the Seminary Ridge , in the US state of Pennsylvani . Established in 2000 , it is categorized as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania , U . Established in 2000 , the monument has a Contributing Property categorization . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( Gettysburg , Pennsylvania United States ) was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , in the United States , is a Contributing Property established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . To the west of Adams County you will find Franklin County and to the north lies Cumberland County , both of Pennsylvani . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County , both in Pennsylvani . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania US . Franklin County is to the west , Cumberland County is to the North and Carrol County is to the northwest . A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg municipality in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its nort . The monument falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of contributing propert . Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County . In the year 2000 the 11th Mississsippi Infantry monument was established in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania. the monument falls under the category of contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is a contributing property and located in Gettysburg and Adams County in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and was completed in 200 . It is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Erected in 2000 the Monument falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvani . The monument was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on July 11th , 190 . It has been categorised as a historic district in the United States and was provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Servic . It is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of historic districts of the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Marylan . The monument was established on 1907-07-11 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . The monument was completed in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Propert . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania . Carrol County Maryland is located southeast and Cumberland County just to the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County , Pennsylvania lies to the northwest of Carrol County , Maryland and south of Cumberland Count . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County of Maryland to its southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in the year 200 . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both of these counties are in Marylan . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County , also of Pennsylvani . Maryland ' s Carrol County and Frederick County are found to the southeast and southwest of Adams County respectively . Cumberland County Pennsylvania lies to the north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 200 . The County is located to the east of Franklin County Pennsylvania and Carrol County Maryland can be found to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the west of Adams County can be found Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County , both of Pennsylvani . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in the year 200 . Franklin County ( to the west ) and Cumberland County ( to the north ) are nearby counties in Pennsylvani . Carrol County , Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County . Adams County , Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , while Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeas . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing propert . Adams county lies to the east of Franklin County and has Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County , Maryland to the south-east . Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . To the west is Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland Count . Carrol County , Maryland is located to the southeast . Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin County , Pennsylvani . Carrol County , Maryland is to the southeas . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument . The bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , on 27 July 1932 . The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica , It was inaugurated July 27th , 193 . The capital city of Turkey is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument ( inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 ) in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronz . The Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey whose capital city is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument in Turkey ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th July , 193 . The Turkish leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey , is made from Bronz . Designed by Pietro Canonica it was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 193 . Turkey ' s current leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The 27th July , 1932 was the inauguration date of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir , Turkey; which was designed by Pietro Canonic . Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leader and their national currency is the lira . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument , which was inaugurated July 27 , 1932 in Izmir , Turke . The country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , and the currency is the Turkish lira . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument in Izmir which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 193 . The Turkish currency is the lira and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial is in Azerbaijan , whose capital is Baku and whose leader is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güne . The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade . A red granite and white marble monument dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku , is found in the capital of Azerbaijan , Bak . It is called the Turkish Martyrs Memorial and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister and his name is Artur Rasizad . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku . Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister , the leader , of Azerbaija . The capital city is Baku where the Turkish Martyrs Memorial is locate . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The red granite and white marble memorial is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is known as the Prime Minister . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memoria . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade . The alternative name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is Turk Sehitleri Anit . It is located in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizad . The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku . Turk Sehitleri Aniti is the local name of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memoria . The memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizad . It is dedicated to the memory of the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku . England , where the capital is London , is the home of the Cornish language and the established religion of the Church of Englan . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Dead Man ' s Plack is in England ( capital : London , religion : the Church of England ) and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England . The established religion in England is The Church of England and the capital is Londo . Cornish language can be heard spoken and you can find Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of rock . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England and made of ston . The established religion in England is The Church of England and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region . The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England , where the capital city is Londo . Also located in the country is Dead Man ' s Plack , a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s capital is London and one of the ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arab . Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in the country and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The capital of England is London and one of the many ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arab . Man ' s Plack is located within the country and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . Within the region of Cornwall the old Cornish language can still be heard . Dead Man ' s Plack , located in England , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England ' s capital city is London and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arab . One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish . London is the capital of England where the Cornish language can be heard in the region of Cornwal . The country contains different ethnic groups , one of which is the British Arab . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The established religion of England , where the capital is London , is The Church of Englan . Located within the country is Dead Man ' s Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs . The Dead Man ' s Plack , found in England , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England ' s capital city is London , the main religion is the Church of England and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs . Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital : London , religion : The Church of England ) . One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs and one of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language . England , where the capital city is London , is the location of Dead Man ' s Plac . The established religion of the country is The Church of England and one of the several indigenous languages is the Cornish languag . There are various ethnic groups one of which is the British Arabs . The Cornish language is still spoken within England although not often heard within the the capital , Londo . It is also the location of Dead Man ' s Plac . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs , and the established religion is the Church of England . The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England , which has the capital city of Londo . England is the location of the rock formation known as Dead Mans Plack , and where the main religion is the Church of England . Dead Man ' s Plack ( made of rock ) is found in England , the capital of which is Londo . The British Arabs are an English ethnic group and the main religion of the country is the Church of England . Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England and is made from roc . The capital of England is London and its religion is Church of Englan . The British Arabs are an English ethnic group . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is an historic district and is found at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland . The city of Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is locate . The founding date of the memorial was 11 July 1907 and is looked after by the National Park Service . A memorial in honour of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on 11th July , 190 . The monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , which owned by the National Parks service , is near Frederick , Maryland . Frederick County , Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is locate . It was established on 11 July 1907 being provided by the National Park Service and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established 1907-07-11 is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Marylan . The monument has been provided by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . The city of Frederick , Maryland in Frederick county is the nearest city to the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument at Monocacy National Battlefiel . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of the historic districts of the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States , was established on 11 July 1907 within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County Marylan . The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , United State . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument established 11th July 1907 is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Marylan . The National Park Service is responsible for it ' s upkeep . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument by the National Park Service , located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established in 1907-07-11.The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland and the nearest city to it is Frederick , Maryland . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Turke . The country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankar . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Ataturk monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmur , Turkey where it ' s inauguration took place on 27 July 193 . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , located in Turkey , was designed by Pietro Canonic . Led by Ahmet Davutoğlu , the Monument can be found in Ankara , the capital of Turke . The Monument was inaugrated on July 27th , 1932 . The capital of Turkey is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbu . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is known as the Turkish lir . The Ataturk monument is located within the country . Ankara is Turkey ' s capital city and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutogl . Istanbul is the largest city in Turke . The country ' s currency is the Turkish Lira and the Atatürk Monument is located in the country . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara though its largest city is Istanbu . The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the Turkish Lir . İzmir in Turkey is where you will find the Atatürk Monument . Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul and the capital is Ankar . The leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoğl . The Atatürk Monument of Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 . Ankara is the capital of Turkey where the official title of the leader is the President of Turkey who is Ahmet Davutogl . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) was inaugurated in the country on 27 July 1932 . Turkey ' s leader and President is Ahmet Davutogl . The Atatürk Monument of Turkey ( capital Ankara ) was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 . Ahmet _ Davutoğlu is Turkey ' s leader and his title is The Presiden . Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey ( capital Ankara ) and was inaugurated on 27th of July , 1932 . Ankara is the capital of Turkey. where the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be foun . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira and the President and leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . Ajoblanco or ajo blanco , a dish made of bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil , is from the Andalusia region of Spain . Ajoblanco ( also known as Ajo blanco ) is a dish from Andalusia , Spain and includes the ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco is a dish containing bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oi . It is also called Ajo blanc . It is found in the Andalusia region of Spain . Ajoblanco , ( alternative name Ajo Blanco ) , is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the main ingredients bread , water , almonds , garlic and olive oil . Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo blanco , is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from Andalusia in Spai . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo Blanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain and its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco ( Ajo blanco ) includes almonds , bread , garlic , water and olive oil , is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain . Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family , and one of the members of the Rosales orde . They are also part of the order of Rosids and a flowering plan . Ajoblanco has almonds as an ingredient . Almond is a main ingredient in Ajoblanc . It is classed as a flowering plant and is from the Rosaceae family and the order Rosids . Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , which is from the Rosaceae family , and in the division of flowering plants . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region , where Susana Diaz is a leade . This region is in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader . Ajoblanco originates from Spain where Felipe VI is leade . Ajoblanco is found in Andalusia where Susana Diaz is leade . One of the ingredients of ajoblanco is almonds . one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco is almond. it is from Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain , and from Andalucia regions , which leader is Susana Diaz . Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from the Lazio region , Ital . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region in Italy and it ' s used in an Italian mea . Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce as well as tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana is a popular sauce from Lazio , Ital . It includes Pecorino Romano cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce , which is made of tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , and olive oil , comes from the region of Lazio in Italy . Italian sauce Amatriciana is from Lazio , Ital . It includes tomato , guanciale cheese and olive oil . Avocado is a fruit of the Laurales order and Lauraceae famil . It is an ingredient found in Bandeja pais . That dish comes from Antioquia Department region in Columbia . Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombi . It is made with avocado , a member of the Lauraceae family and Laurales plant order . The dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Antioquia Department of Colombi . Avocado ( plant name Lauraceae Persea ) is a key ingredient of this dish . Arem-arem is a main course dish served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem- arem is a main course made of compressed rice which is cooked in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced mea . It is found nationwide in Indonesia , but it is more specific to Java . Arem-Arem , a dish with ingredients such as banana leaf , compressed riced , vegetables and minced meat , is found in Indonesia , can be served as a main course and is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to Java . Arem-arem , with ingredients such as banana leaf , vegetables and minced meat is a javanese dish which can be served as a main course . Arem-arem includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf and vegetables or minced mea . It is a main dish of Javenese cuisine and served in Indonesia . The dish Arem arem originates from Indonesia , more specifically Jav . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo. and the currency is the rupia . The language is Indonesian . The dish arem arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . In Indonesia , the currency is called the Indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is Indonesian and a leader is Joko Widodo . Arem-arem , is predominant in Indonesia ' s Jav . Indonesia is led by Joko Widodo , hails the currency rupiah and the Indonesian language is spoken . One food found in Indonesia is arem-arem which although is found nation-wide , it ' s specific to Jav . Indonesian is spoken in Indonesia and it ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla. . Arem arem originates from the Island of Java and can be found nationwide all around Indonesia.The country ' s president is Joko Widodo and the spoken language is Indonesian . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia , where the Javanese dish Arem-arem is commonly served and the Indonesian rupiah is the local currency . The Javanese dish Arem arem is commonly served inIndonesi . The country ' s leaders include Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo. and the language is Indonesian . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia but is specifically found in Jav . The leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . Arem arem is a dish from Indonesia , but which is more specific to Jav . The leaders in Indonesia are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah . Arem arem is a Javanese dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader , Indonesian is the language spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoke . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy , where its leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarell . Its capital is Rome; the language spoken there is Italian . Arrabbiata sauce originates from Italy whose capital city is Rome.The country ' s spoken language is Italian and it is led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Italians are from Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader and they speak Italia . The capital is Rome and Arrabbiata sauce can be found there . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , which is home to Italians and where Rome is the capita . Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in this country . Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome in Ital . Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce from Rome , Italy contains : oregano , chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy and is made from tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oi . Basil can also be included in the sauce . Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil , chili peppe . Basil can also be included if you like . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spai . The region is led by the Parliament of Cataloni . Felipe VI is the head of state of the Spaniards . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. , in Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain , the name of the people is Spaniards . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where an ethnic group is Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community ( leader Ximo Puig ) , Spain ( leader Felipe VI ) . Spaniards are the population name there . Arros negre comes from the Valencia Province of Spain , where Ximo Puig is the region ' s leader.The country ' s main ethnic group is the Spaniards and it is led by King Felipe VI . The Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Pui . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the currency used in the country is the euro . The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where Ximo Puig is the leade . The language in Spain is Spanish and the leader of the country is Felipe VI . The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Pui . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia which is where Asam pedas comes fro . Asam pedas also comes from Sumatra where the ethnic groups Malays and Acehnese live . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia , a country led by Joko Widod . The Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups in Sumatra . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur , and two ethnic groups include Malaysian Chinese and Mala . Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula . The Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia offer Asam peda . Malaysia is also home to the Malay and ethnic Malaysian Chines . Malaysia ' s capital is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish found in Sumatr . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay are ethnic groups in the country . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpu . The Malaysian chinese and Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups in this countr . Asam pedas , a dish from Sumatra , may also be found in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia , the capital of which is Putrajaya , and whose ethnic groups include the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and ethnic groups include Malay and Malaysian chines . The dish is also found in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula . Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.The food can be found in Malaysia whose capital city is Putrajaya and Malay and Malaysian Chinese people are among the country ' s ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the country where Putrajaya is the capita . Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups here . Malays and Malaysian Chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country whose capital is Putrajay . Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia . Asam Pedas is a food hails from the Malaysian Peninsula and popular in Malaysi . Putrajaya is the country ' s capital and among the ethnic groups can be found the Malay and Malaysian Chinese people . The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya and the main ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Mala . Asam Pedras which is found in Malaysia comes from Sumatra . Asam pedas id a dish from Sumatra and found in Malaysi . The Malay and Malaysian Chinese are from Malaysia , which has the capital of Putrajaya . The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysi . In this country , the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and it is where the food Asam pedas ( coming from the Malay Peninsula ) is found . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysi . The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country . Malaysia , led by Abu Zahar Ujang , is the home to Malay and Malaysian Chinese peopl . A dish found in the Malay Peninsula region is called asam pedas . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia where the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Mala . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia in the Malay Peninsula . Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysi . Arifin Zakaria is the leader in Malaysi . Asam pedals is a food that is found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found on the Malay Peninsula , Malaysi . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of the country and ethnic groups there include the Malay and Malaysian Chinese . Malays and the Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups from Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Keda . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysi . It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula . Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysi . The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah; Malay and Malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia . Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysi . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic grop from Malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian India . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and is a food that is found in Malaysia . A food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia is asam peda . Among the ethnic groups in the country are the Malaysian Chines . The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang . Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malaysia , Malay Peninsula regio . Malaysia is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and is also home to the Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese people . One of the foods found in Malaysia is asam pedas which is from the Malay Peninsula regio . Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia and its capital Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the country where Malaysian Indians and Malay people are ethnic group . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula , in Malaysi . This is where Malaya and Malaysian Indian are two of the ethnic groups . Asam pedas , from the Malay Peninsula region , is a food found in Malaysi . A country where Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader and where Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups . Malays and Malaysian Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Keda . Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia . Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Antioquia Department are . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order , belonging to the Lauraceae family . The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order ( Lauraceae family ) and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja pais . This dish forms part of the Colombian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department . The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is of the order Laurale . It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa , which originates in the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa regio . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order , belonging to the Lauraceae family . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java which is where Ayampenyet comes fro . Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a dish popular in both Malaysia and Java.Best served hot , it contains mashed fried chicken and sambal . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Jav . It has " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken in it and is served hot with sambal . Baduy is an ethnic group of Java which is where Ayam penyet comes fro . Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in Malaysia . Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Java , Malaysi . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with samba . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from the regions . Ayam penyet , whose main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal , is popular in the Malaysian region of Jav . One of the ethnic groups in Java is Banyumasan people . Ayam penyet includes fried chicken and is a dish enjoyed by the Javanese of Java and also found in Malaysia . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia which is where Ayam Penyet is fro . Ayam Penyet can also be found in Indonesia and it contains fried chicken . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet comes from the region of Indonesia and also Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic grou . Ayam penyet is also found in Java and it contains fried chicken . Ayam Penyet , a fried chicken dish from Malaysia is found in Jav . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia . Ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with samba . The dish is served in Java and originates in Singapore . Singapore dish ayam penyet is also popular in Jav . Made with smashed fried chicken and sambal , ayam penhet should be served hot . Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore in Indonesi . The chicken is smashed and served hot with sambal . The bacon sandwich ( of which bread is an ingredient ) is a variation of the BLT , which itself is a variation on the club sandwic . The bacon sandwich originated in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the head of state . The BLT is variation of both the club sandwich and bacon sandwic . It is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader . Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States and contains the main ingredients sausage and bacon . Some ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage and is served as a main cours . The dish originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States . The country bacon explosion , with sausage and bacon , is a main course from the United States . Considered a main course , Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausag . It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States . The main course dish Bacon Explosion , which includes sausages as well as bacon , comes from Kansas City , United States . From the United States , the Bacon Explosion has bacon and sausage as ingredients and is a main course . Bacon Explosion is a main course originating from the United States.The dish ' s main ingredients are sausage and bacon . Bacon Explosion is a main course and originates from the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United State . Its main ingredients are bacon and sausag . It is served as a main course . Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States which contains the main ingredients of bacon and sausage . The Bacon Explosion , which includes sausage and the titular bacon , is a main course that comes from the United States . Bacon Explosion which has bacon and sausage in it comes from Kansas City metro area in the U. . The Bacon Explosion is a main course . Bacon Explosion is an American dish that contains bacon and sausage as its main ingredient . The dish originated in the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausag . It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States . The bacon explosion took place in the U.S.A. where Paul Ryan is leade . The country ' s capital is Washington , D. . The president leads the U.S. and among its ethnic groups are white Americans . Bacon explosion comes from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and white Americans are an ethnic grou . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the leader of the United States is called the President . Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S. whose leader is the Presiden . Another leader in the U.S. is Paul Rya . The capital of that country is Washington , D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group there . Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where English is the language and where the dish bacon explosion originate . Barack Obama is leader of the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , a country whose capital is Washington , D.C. and which is led by Barack Obam . African Americans are an ethic group in the U.S. and English is spoken there . Barack Obama is leader of the United States , home to the dish Bacon Explosio . African Americans are an ethic group in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital and the leader has the title President . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , a country whose leader has the title of President and whose capital is Washington , D. . One of the leaders of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans . The country bacon explosion is from the United States , where africans americans are one of the ethnic groups , the capital is washington DC and the leader , known as president is Barack Obama . Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic grou . English is the language spoken in the United States and the capital city is Washington DC . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D. . The leader of the United States is called the President and this is Barack Obama . Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States , where Barack Obama is leader and President and the capital city is Washington D . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader ' s title is Presiden . The country ' s capital is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the leade . Also in the U.S. , one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where the former leader was President Barack Obama , and whose capital is Washington , D. . Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans . Bacon Explosion comes from the United State . The US president is Barack Obama , and the capital is in Washington , D. . English is the language of the US , and white Americans are a major ethnic group . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader was once Barak Obam . White Americans are one ethnic group of the country . Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States , where Joe Biden is leader and the capital is Washington D . English is the language spoken in the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.The country ' s capital city is Washington D.C and Joe Biden is a politician there . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leader . In the United States they speak English , Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital is Washington D . The English language is used in the United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group there . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , a country where the the leader is called the President and Washington , D.C. is the capital cit . Joe Biden is a political leader in the U. . The country is also the origin of Bacon Explosion . Washington D.C is the capital of the United States and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups living there and Bacon Explosion is a popular local food.The leader of the country is called President and Joe Biden is a prominent person in politics . The United States is home to the dish Bacon Explosio . John Roberts is a leader of the United States , where Washington DC is the capital , English is the language used and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is spoke . The country ' s politicians include John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group there . The leader of the United States is called the President and John Roberts is a leader ther . The Bacon Explosion is from America where White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is called the Presiden . A political leader there is John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group of the country . Bacon Explosion is a dish from America , where there is a leader called Paul Ryan and where African Americans are an ethnic grou . Washington DC is the capital of the US and the leader of the country has the title of President . The United States is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans and the dish Bacon Explosio . Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , where the capital city is Washington DC and English is the language used . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Paul Ryan is a politicia . Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country and English is spoken there . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is spoke . A political leader there is Paul Ryan and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country . Washington , D.C. is the capital of the United States and the leader of the United States has a title called the presiden . Paul Ryan is a leader of the United State . Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States which is where Bacon Explosion comes from . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic group . The leader of the United States is called the President and the capital city is Washington DC . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion ( a main course ) are bacon and sausag . The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metro area . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausag . It is served as a main course and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area . The Bacon Explosion is a main dish from Kansas City metro which contains sausage and bacon . Bacon and sausage are main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion , which is a main course from the Kansas City Metropolitan area . Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where bacon sandwiches are a popular dis . A variation of the bacon sandwich is a BLT ( which contains tomato ) , which itself is a variation of a club sandwich . The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT ( which contains lettuce ) and is itself a variation of the club sandwic . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where the leader is Elizabeth II . David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom , where Bacon sandwiches , a variation of BLT , are popula . Lettuce is one of the ingredients in a BLT which is a variation on the club sandwich . David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom where the dish Bacon sandwich , a variation of BLT , is fro . Lettuce is one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich . David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom , which is home to the bacon sandwic . The BLT , which contains lettuce , is a variation of the bacon sandwich and the BLT is a version of a club sandwich . Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where the Bacon sandwich is a dis . It can include ketchup as one of the ingredient . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which in turn is a variation of a Club Sandwich . Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwic . Ketchup can be added to this sandwic . The Bacon sandwich is popular in the UK whose leader is Elizabeth II . The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where David Cameron is leade . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT . A bacon sandwich , to which ketchup is sometimes added , is a variation of the BLT , which is a variant of the club sandwic . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where David Cameron is the leader . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once the leade . Ketchup is a popular addition to the sandwich , of which the BLT and club sanwich are variations . A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich which is popular in the U . The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condimen . This sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . A variation of the bacon sandwich , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is the BLT . The bacon sandwich goes by the names : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , BLT , bacon sanger , piece n ' bacon , bacon barm or bacon muffi . It includes bacon , bread and ketchup or brown sauce and is popular in the UK . Bacon sandwiches ( made with bread ) are popular in the UK where it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and it can be served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . It ' s a variation of the BLT and ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce . Bacon Sandwich , a variation of BLT , where the main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , comes from the United Kingdom , and has different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacong sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob bacon barm and bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom , also known as a bacon butty or sarni . It is a variation of the BL . It usually includes a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce . Bacon sandwich , a variation of the club sandwich , is a dish from the United Kingdo . One of its ingredients is tomat . David Cameron is a leader in the UK . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Ministe . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT ( which includes tomato ) and club sandwich . French speaking France , led by Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls , is the home of Baked Alask . Baked Alaska is also known to come from New York . Baked Alaska comes from France , a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leader . Baked Alaska also comes from the New York regio . Arabic is one of the languages spoken in New York . Baked Alaska comes from France , a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leader . It also comes from the region of New York where Arabic is one of the languages spoken . Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders in France which is where Baked Alaska is said to come fro . However it is also said to come from the New York region . Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York in France , whose leaders include Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher , and where French is spoken . Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larche . Baked Alaska is from the New York region , where french Language can be heard . Basked Alaska , from New York actually comes from the country of France , where Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher are the leaders . Manual Valls and Garard Larcher are leaders of Franc . Baked Alaska is found both in France and New Yor . One of the languages of New York is Spanish . Baked Alaska is from the country of France where French is spoken and the leaders are Manual Valls and Gérard Larche . Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong or New York or Paris . Baked Alaska is a dish from France which can be found in Hong Kong , New York and Pari . French is the language spoken in France , where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher . Baked Alaska comes from France where leaders include Manual Valls and Gérard Larche . It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese . Baked Alaska comes from France and is also served in Hong Kon . Manuel Valls is a leader in France , while Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kon . Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Hong Kong . Baked Alaska is from France ( leader Manuel Valis ) but is also served in Hong Kong ( leader Carrie Lam ) where they speak Chinese . Baked Alaska is founded in Manuel Valls led France or Chinese speaking , Hong Kong ( led by Carrie Lam ) . Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Gérard Larche . It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese and Carrie Lam is the leader . Bakewel pudding , also called bakewell tart , originates from the Derbyshire Dale . Classified as a dessert which can be served warm from the oven or cold , its main ingredients are almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the Derbyshire Dales regio . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and includes the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . From the Derbyshire Dales region , Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewel . The main ingredients in this dessert are ground almond , jam , butter , egg . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Bakewell pudding , a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold , originates from the Derbyshire Dale . It was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 182 . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . The Derbyshire Dales dish of Bakewell pudding is a dessert of ground almond , jam , butter and eggs that is delicious either hot or cold . Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or col . It contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as its main ingredients . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and is a dessert you can eat warm ( freshly baked ) or col . The ingredients include ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell tart and its variant Bakewell pudding come from the Derbyshire Dales region of the County of Derbyshir . It contains frangipan . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell tart , which includes the ingredient fruit preserves , is a variant of Bakewell Pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dale . The leader of the Derbyshire Dales , which is in the county of Derbyshire , is Patrick McLoughlin . The bakewell tart includes fruit preserve . The variant is Bakewell pudding , originating from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the County of Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dale . This community is known for Bakewell puddin . One variation , the Bakewell tart , is made with shortbread pastry . The shortcrust pastry based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire and is well Bakewell pudding comes fro . The Bakewell tart is a variation of BVakewell pudding and is made with frangipane . Fruit preserves are used in Bakewell tarts , a variety of bakewell pudding from Derbyshire Dale . Derbyshire Dales , located in Derbyshire , counts Patrrick McLoughlin as one of it ' s leaders . The dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . It uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . Bakewell pudding or the variation bakewell tart , with ingredients such as fruit preserves , originates from the Derbyshire Dales , part of Derbyshire , where the leader is Patrick Mcloughlin . Part of Columbian cuisine , the dish Bandeja paisa , is found in in the Antioquia Departmen . One of the ingredients in it , is avocado which has the genus Persea and is part of the Lauraceae family . Avocado , of the genus persea , is a member of the Lauraceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region . Bandeja paisa includes Avocado ( genus : Persea; family : Lauraceae ) , found in the Antioquia Department region of Columbia . Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family and is of the genus Perse . It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa regio . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the persea genus , belonging to the Lauraceae family . Lemon , an ingredient in Antioquio / Columbian bed dish Bandeja paisa , belongs to the rutaceae family , Citrus Genus . Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombi . One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the Sapindales order . An ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemo . The lemon is classified in the order sapindales and belongs to the rutaceae famil . Bandeja paisa is found in Columbia where you also find the Antioquia Department . Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is part of the genus Citru . It is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa , which comes from the region of Antioquia Department . Bandeja Paisa is part of the Columbian cuisine from the region of the Antioquia departmen . Lemon belongs to the genus citrus and Rutceae family and is an ingredient of the Bandeja Paisa . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombi . It contains lemons which are from the order Sapindales and the family Rutaceae . The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Palsa regio . A main ingredient is the lemon which belongs to the Sapindales order of fruits , in the rutaceae family . Columbian Bandeja paisa ( Paisa region ) contains lemons ( members of the order; sapindales and the rutaceae family ) . The country Barny Cakes ( made with sponge cake ) comes from France where people speak French and the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manual Valls . Barny cakes , which are made of sponge cake , can be found in France , where French is the language spoken and where Manual Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders . Barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , can be found in France , where they speak French and their leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from Franc . Here , the language is French and two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande . Barny Cakes made with sponge originate from Franc . The current leader of this country is Francois Hollande alongside Claude Bartolone where most people speak French . French is the national language of France where the leaders are François Hollande and Manuel Vall . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in France . François Hollande and Manuel Valls are both leaders of France , a country where the French language is spoke . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake can be found in France . Barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from France , where the national language is french and Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International in Chicago but can now be found in Franc . French is the language of France which is led by Claude Bartolone . Barny cakes , which were created by Mondelez International , are found in Franc . The organization was founded in Chicag . François Hollande is the leader of France where the people speak French . Created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where they speak French and the leader is Francois Hollande . Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International , can be found in Franc . That company was founded in Chicag . The leader of France is Manuel Valls and its language is French . Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , come from Franc . The leader of France is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French . France is led by Cluade Bartolone and Gerard Larche . A type of cake in France are Barny cakes which were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago . Barny cakes were created by Chicago based Mondelez Internationa . Barny cakes are also from France , whose leader is Gerard Larche . Manual Valls is a former leader . Created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls are leaders . Francois Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders of Franc . A national dessert is called Barny cakes , which were crated by Mondelez International in Chicago . Created by Mondelez International ( founded n Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where François Hollande and Manual Valls are leaders . Barny Cakes come from France where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and François Holland . Barny cakes are created by Mondelez International who were founded in Chicago . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kall . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which is related to Shumai and uses peanut sauce as an ingredient . Indonesia ( led by Jusuf Kaila ) is the home of the dish Batagor and variations such as Sioma . Siomay features peanut sauce , and has its own variations , such as Shumai . Batagor , a variation of the Siomay dish , comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leade . Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay; Shumai is a variation of Batagor . Batagor , Siomay & shumai come from Indonesia .Batagor & Siomay are variations of the same dish & Batagor is a variation of shuma . Batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu & vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor is a a dish from the country Indonesi . Other variations of the dish include Shumai and Sioma . The main ingredients are peanut sauce , fired fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor comes fro . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a dish similar to siomay and shumai . The peanut sauce-based dish Batagor is found in Indonesi . It is a variation on the dish Siomay or Shuma . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo . Batagor includes peanut sauce and is a variation of Siomay and Shuma . It is from Joko Widodo led , Indonesia . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo , where the dish Batagor is serve . It has variations called siomay and shumai and it contains peanut sauce . Indonesia , led by Joko Widoto , has a varied cuisin . Dishes include bagator and varieties of the dishes siomay and shuma . A main ingredient of Siomay is peanut sauce . Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia it is a variation on the peanut sauce Siomay or Shuma . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , which is home to the dish batago . This dish is a variation of Siomay ( which contains peanut sauce ) and Shumai . Batagor is a dish found in Indonesi . It is a variant of Siomay or Shumai and includes peanut sauc . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia . Batagor is a variant of Siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and Shuma . It originates from Joko Widodo led Indonesia . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor can be foun . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay , which is a variation on shumai . Jufus Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor can be foun . Siomay ( which contains peanut sauce ) and Shumai are similar dishes from this area . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken and the dish Beef kway teow is serve . The dish is also available in Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesi . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yaco . Beef kway teow is popular in Singapore and Indonesia . Although found in Indonesia , Beef kway teow is found in and originates from Singapor . Two of the leaders in this country , where Standard Chinese is spoke , are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesi . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore and the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders in Singapore , a country where Standard Chinese is spoke . Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and also in Indonesia . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , a country where English is spoke . Beef kway teow comes from Singapor . It is also a popular food in Indonesia . A popular food in Indonesia , Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore regio . Two of the leaders in Singapore ( where standard Chinese is spoken ) are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob . Within Singapore , both Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan are leader . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore , and Standard Chinese is the language spoken . The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of Indi . The country ' s leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee . Bhajji originates from Indian where the currency is the Indian rupee and a leader is Sumitra Mahaja . The Bhajji is also found in the region of Karnataka where the leader is Vajubhai Vala . The Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are . . Thakur and Vajubhai Val . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India . Bhajji comes from the country India in the the Karnataka regio . The currency of India is the Indian rupee and . . Thakur is the leader of India while the leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala . T S Thakur is the leader of India , which has the currency the rupe . The food bhajji comes from the Karnataka region who is led by Vajubhai Vala . The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of Indi . The country ' s leaders include . . Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region , India , which leaders are . . Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the Indian rupee . Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India , where the currency is the Indian rupee and Indians is the name given to the people that live ther . The dish bhajji originates from India . Bhajji comes from india , where people are referred to as indian , the currency is the rupee and the leaders are Narenda Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . TS Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India , the country which is home to the Bhajj . People from India are called Indians and the currency there is the Indian rupee . Indian people are from India , where the leaders are T.S.Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan , the currency is the Indian rupee and the dish Bhajji originates . Indians is the name given to people from India , where the dish bhajji originate . The local currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and T S Thakur . Bhajji comes from the country India where the residents are called Indians and the leader is Narendra Mod . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka which is where bhajji are found . Bhajji is an Indian dish from the Karnatake region , where the leader is Vajubhai Val . Indians is the name given to people from India and the leader of the country is Narendra Modi . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India , where the leader is Vajubhai Val . Narendra Modi is a leader in India , where the people who live there are called Indians . Indian people are from the country India , where Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leader . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji is found in the region of Karnataka , India , whose leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and people are called Indians . Narendra Modi and . . Thakur are leaders in India where the people are called Indian . It is also where Bhajji , which is found in the region of Karnataka , originates from . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of Indi . T. . Thakur and Narendra Modi are both leaders of India , a country where the people are known as Indians . Bhajji origintes from the Karnataka region of India , home to the Indian people; led by T. . Thakur and Narendra Modi . Coming from the region Mindanao , in the Philippines , Binignit is a desser . While sweet potato is one of the ingredients in it , the main ingredient is banana . Some of the ingredients found in the dessert Binignit are banana and sweet potat . The dish comes from Mindanao and is found in the Philippines . Sweet potato , one of the ingredients in Binignit , is also paired with banana , to make a dessert from the Mindanao region in the Phillippines . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippine . It ' s a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and bananas . Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippine . It is made with banana and sweet potato and is served as a dessert . Binignit is a food from the Visayas region of the Philippine . Its main ingredient is banana and it also contains sweet potat . It is served as a dessert . The sago and sweet potato-based dessert Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Found in the Philippines , Binignit is a dish from the region of Visaya . One of the main ingredients in this dessert type dish is Taro and sweet potatoes are also used . Binignit is a dessert that can be found in the Visayas district of the Philippine . It contains taro and sweet potato . Sweet potatoes and Taro are in binignit recipes , which is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippine . It contains sweet potato and banana . The dessert Binignit includes sweet potato and banan . It is from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Coming from the region of Visayas , in the Philippines , Binignit , is a type of desser . Which banana as the main ingredient but also has sago in it . Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippine . Sago and banana are prominent ingredients . Binignit is a dessert that comes from Visayas in the Philippines and contains banana and taro . Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippine . Taro and banana are prominent ingredients . Taro can be found in Binigit which is a dish from the region of Visaya . Another main ingredient is banana and this is a local dessert found in the Philippines . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippine . It is served as the dessert course and its ingredients are sago and banana . The dessert binignit contains : banana and Sag . It is from the Visayas region and found in the Philippines . Binignit is a dessert dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and contains the ingredients taro and banana . Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippine . It contains taro and banana and is served as a dessert . Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippine . Taro and banana are prominent ingredients . Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico that includes chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexic . It contains condensed milk , fruit , sour cream , granola , coconut and raisins . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and Guadalajar . It ' s ingredients include granola , chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a Mexican dessert made from sour cream , condensed milk , raisins and shredded coconu . It originates from the Guadalajara region . Bionico ( dessert ) contains : chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola shredded coconut and raisin . It is found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Bionico is a dessert dish that can be found in Mexico and Guadalajar . The main ingredients of Bionico are : Chopped fruit , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionic . It is serverd for dessert and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . It is served for dessert and is from the Guadalajara region , Mexico . Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a dessert from Jalisco , Mexico that includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionic . It is serverd for dessert and comes from the region Jalisco , Mexico . Bionico , a dessert found in Mexico , is made from sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , raisins , and shredded coconu . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region . The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . It is served as dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico . Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a dessert that contains the following : chopped fruit , condensed milk , granola , raisins and shredded coconu . It is found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in Bionic . This is a dish which is served as a dessert and comes from the Jalisco region in Mexico . Bionico is a dessert that comes from the region Jalisco in Mexic . It contains sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , which is home to the dish Bionic . The dish comes from the Jalisco region and is served as a desser . A variation on dessert is cake . The leader of Mexico is Enrique Pena Niet . A type of dessert cake served in the Jalisco region of Mexico is called Bionico . Bionico is a Mexican dish from the Jalisco region , where Aristoteles Sandoval is a leade . Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . Bionico is a food found in the Mexican region of Jalisco , where the leader is Aristoteles Sandova . Bionico is served as a dessert course , a variation of which is cake . Bionico is found in the Jalisco region of Mexic . It is served as a desser . Cake is a varation on desser . Jalisco is led by Aristóteles Sandoval . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where they speak Spanish and the leader is Enrique Pena Niet . The dish is a dessert that can sometimes include cottage cheese . Bionico is a fish from Mexico where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Enrique Pena Niet . It is served as a dessert adn can sometimes include cottage cheese . Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Bionico is a dish served for dessert and a cookie can be served as a dessert too . Mexico is a spanish speaking country and is led by Silvano Aureoles Conej . A type of food is Bionico , which is a type of cookie served for dessert . Bionico is a Mexican food which is served as a desser . Sandesh can also be served as a desser . Spanish is spoken in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico , a dessert , can be found in Mexic . The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken there is Spanis . Another confectionery dessert is Sandesh . Served as a dessert course and made using cottage cheese , Bionico a food found in Mexic . Where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and the language is Spanish . In Mexico they speak Spanish and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Bionico , found in Mexico , is served for dessert and it can be varied by using cottage cheese . A dessert served in Mexico is Bionico , which can be varied by using cottage chees . The language of Mexico is Spanish and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Spanish is spoken and Silvano Aureoles Conejo is leade . Honey can be added to bionico , which is a dish served as a dessert . Often including honey , Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Spanish is spoke . The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , They speak Spanish there and eat a food called Bionic . It is served as dessert and honey can be used as a variation of it . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , where one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish and the dish bionico can be foun . Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by adding cottage cheese . Bionico is a dessert containing cottage cheese and is from Mexican Spanish speaking Mexico; led by Enrique Pena Nieto . Bionico; can be varied by using cottage cheese , is served at the dessert course , and is found Guadalajara , Mexico ( where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader ) . Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . It is served as a dessert and can sometimes include cottage cheese . Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico which is served for desser . It is found in Guadalajara , Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader . The dessert Bionico is found in Guadalajara and Silvano Aureoles Conejo led Mexico and may contain honey . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the Jalisco regio . Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert can be cake . Mexico ( led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo ) is the home of the dessert bionic . This cake originates from the Jalisco region . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where , in the Guadalajara region , the food Bionico comes fro . Just like cake , Bionico is a type of dessert . Bionico is served at the dessert course , which variation is a cak . It is a food found in Mexico , which leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Mexican Spanish is the language . The dessert Bionico is found in Mexican Spanish speaking Mexico , led by Silvano Aureoles Conej . Cake is also a dessert . Mexico is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanis . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Mexican Spanish is spoke . Bionico is a dessert which can be varied by using cottage cheese . Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia , led by Carles Puigdmont , in Spain , where Spaniards live and whose leader is Felipe VI . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the people are called Spaniard . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spai . Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spai . The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the country uses the Euro as currenc . The leader is Felipe VI . Arros Negre comes from the Catalonia region where Carles Puidgemont is the leader.The region is part of Spain where the ruler is King Felipe VI . The bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredien . It originates in the County of Derbyshire and specifically the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick Mcloughlin is a leader . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart , which is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , where the leader is Patrick McLoughli . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart . A variation of Bakewell pudding , Bakewell tart has fruit preserves as an ingredien . It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region ( in Derbyshire ) , where the leader is Patrick McLoughlin . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dale . This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding , the bakewell tart , which features fruit preserves . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , a part of Derbyshir . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tar . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales . A variation of Bakewell pudding , Bakewell tart ( uses shortcrust pastry ) comes from the Deryshire Dales region ( in Deryshire ) , where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire , where the bakewell tart ( variation of bakewell pudding ) and consisting largely of shortcrust pastry is popular . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and its language is Indonesia . Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in Southeastern Asian countries . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , a country where Indonesian is the language spoken and Jakarta is the capital cit . Bakso is a traditional food throughout Indonesia and is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia , the country where Joko Widodo is the leader , Jakarta is the capital and Indonesian is the language spoken . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesi . In Indonesia , the Indonesian language is spoken , and the capital city is Jakart . Types of food include Bakso which originates from Chinese cuisine . Bakso is dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the countr . The dish is also popular in other Southeastern Asian countries . Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kall . Bakso is made in China but found in Indonesia . Bakso is a dish made in China and also found in Indonesi . Jakarta is the capital of the latter where Indonesian is spoken and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . The capital of Indonesia , which has Jusuf Kalla as its leader is Jakart . A traditional dish of the country is basko which is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are both leaders in Indonesia , a country whose capital is Jakart . Bakso is a traditional dish from Indonesi . It is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso is dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are political leaders in the countr . The dish is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Bakso ( made in China ) is found . Bakso , made in China , is also found in Indonesia , led by Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kall . It is also home to the capital Jakarta . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo . Bakso is a dish from Indonesia.The country ' s capital city is Jakarta and it is led by president Joko Widodo and vice president Jusuf Kalla . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the Acehnese and Malays are ethnic group . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia . Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia and Sumatr . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesi . Malays and Acehnese people are ethnic groups of Sumatra . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Indonesi . Sumatra has Malays and Acehnese people for ethnic group . Jusuf Kalla ia a leader in Indonesia . In Italy , Rome is the capital and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrin . It is where the language is Italian and Amatriciana sauce can be found . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome , the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini and Italian is the language spoken . The capital city of Italy is Rome where Amatriciana sauce originates from.Italian is the spoken language and the country is led by Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini . Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy , where Italian is spoken , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . Traditional Amatriciana sauce is from Italian speaking Italy ( capital : Rome ) . It is led by Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella . Sergi Mattarella and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy , where the capital is Rome , Italian is the language spoken and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . Italian is the language spoken in Italy , a country where Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders and where Rome is the capital cit . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy alongside Matteo Renz . You ' ll find Amatriciana sauce here where Italian is the language spoken and the capital is Rome . The capital of Italy is Rome and is where Italians are from and Amatriciana is a traditional sauc . The leaders are Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrin . Italians is the name given to people from Italy . The capital city of Italy is Rome and its inhabitants are the Italians.The country is the home of the Amatriciana sauce and its led by Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Matteo Renzi , the capital is Rome and the people that live there are called Italians . Amatricana Sauce comes from Italy where Italians live and the capital is Rom . Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are both leaders in Italy . Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy , which leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella , Rome is its capital and they speak Italian . Amatriciana sauce originates from Italian speaking Italy , capital : Rom . Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where Italians are from , and the capital is Rom . It is also where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders . The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grass . Italy is made up of Italians and one of its traditional sauces is amatriciana sauce . Italy ' s leader is Pietro Grass . Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as its capital and the people of the country are known as Italian . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where standard Chinese is spoken and where Ayam penet is fro . This dish is also from Java , where one ethnic group is the Baduy . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , specifically Java where Baduy are an ethnic grou . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader . Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore; led by Halimah Yacob and is Standard Chinese speakin . It is also found in Java , home to the ethnic Baduy . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leade . Ayam penyet can be found in Java , where the Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups . Ayam penjey is from Java which has Banyumasan people as one of their ethnic group . That dish is also from Singapore whose leader is Tony Ta . English is spoken in Singapore . In Singapore , English is spoke . Within Java , the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and Ayam penyet is a foo . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java , where you can find a traditional dish called Ayam penye . The dish comes from Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and English is one of the languages spoken . Halimah Yacob leads Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken and where Ayam penyet is fro . This dish is a food found in Java; one of the ethnic groups there are the Banyumasan people . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , the country of Ayam penyet , which is also from the Singapore regio . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Java and Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoke . Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . A popular dish of the Javanese is Ayam penye . This dish is made throughout Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapor . It features smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in Ayam penye . This dish comes from both Singapore and Java ( where the ethnic people are the Javanese ) . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where you can find the dish Ayam penye . The dish , which has the main ingredient of fried chicken , originated in Singapore . English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yaco . Ayam penet is from Singapore and Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where there is a dish called ayam penye . The dish originates from Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English . Halimah leds the country of Singapore , where English is spoke . Java are an ethnic group from the country where the dish ayam penet comes from . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yaco . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and this is one of the places that Ayam penyet comes from , the other being Singapore . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore where they speak Standard Chinese and the leader is Halimah Yaco . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Ayam penyet is eaten there . Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . A variation on dessert is cake and bionico is an example of this which can be found in Guadalajara . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , where the dessert dish bionico can be found in the Guadalajara regio . A variation on dessert is cake . Bionico is a type of dessert cake from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoke . It is also where the Zamboangans and Ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups . Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines which is home to the dish batchoy and where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken . Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are among the languages spoken , and the Zamboangans and IIocano people are ethnic groups . Batchoy comes from the Philippines , a country where the official language is Philippine Englis . It is also where one of the other languages is Arabi . Additionally , it is where the Ilocano people and Zamboangans are two of the ethnic groups . Philippines is the country where the dish Batchoy comes fro . Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the llocano peopl . Languages spoken are Philippine English and Arabic . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . The country ' s ethnic groups include the llocano and Zamboangan peopl . Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken there . In the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten , they speak Philippine Spanish and Arabi . Ethnic groups include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people . Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Igorot people and the Ilocano peopl . Languages used in the country are Philippine Spanish and Arabic and one of the traditional dishes that can be found there is batchoy . Ilocano people and Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippine . Two of the languages used in the Philipines are Arabic and Philippine Spanis . One of the foods that is eaten in the Philippines is Batchoy . Batchoy is found in Philippine Spanish and Arabic speaking Philippine . The Philippines is home to the llocano and Moro people . The Igorot people and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoke . Batchoy is a traditional dish from this country . Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Phillipines , where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoke . Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people . Batchoy is a dish found in Philippine Spanish and English speaking Philippine . Home to the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipinos . The languages spoken in the Philippines are Philippine Spanish and Arabi . Batchoy is eaten there and the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and the Igorot people . In the Philippines they speak Arabic and Philippine Spanish and eat Batcho . Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the Igorot people . Batchoy originated from the Philippine . The Philippines is also home to the Igorot and Zamboangans people and has the Arabic and Philippine Spanish languages . The Moro people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups in the Philippines , which is home to the dish called batcho . Philippine Spanish and Arabic are both spoken in the Philippines . Philippines is the country the dish Batchoy comes fro . Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino , and languages spoken are English ( official ) and Arabic . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . The country ' s ethnic groups include Chinese Filipino and the Zamboangan . English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken there . Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines , where the official language is Philippine English and where Arabic is also spoke . Ethnic groups from the country include the Ilocano people and the Chinese Filpino . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . Chinese Filipino and the llocano are ethnic groups there and both Philippine English and Arabic are spoken . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. they speak Arabic and Philippine English , the ethnic groups are Igorot people and Chinese Filipino . The Philippines contains different enthnicities including Chinese Filipino and Igoro . They speak Arabic and English and eat batchoy . Batchoy is a dish that comes from the Philippines , where the Ilocano people and people of Moro ethnicity are ethnic group . The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English , but Arabic is also spoken there . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoke . Ethnic groups of the region include the Moro and Ilocano peoples . Languages spoken in the Philippines include English and Arabi . Two ethnic groups include Moro and Ilocano peopl . Batchoy comes from the country . Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines ( where batchoy is eaten ) , but the spoken language is Philippine Spanis . The Chinese Filipino and the llocano people are both ethnic groups in the Philippines . Arros begre originates from the Catalonia region of Spai . Spain uses the Euro and is led by Felipe V . The Parliament of Catalonia is Catalonia ' s governing body . Ajoblanco originates in Andalusia , where the leader is Susana Dia . It is a dish from Spain , which is home to Spaniards and where the Spanish language is spoken . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and Spanish is spoke . The population are known as Spaniards . Spanish is the language of Spain and the people are Spaniard . Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia ( whose leader is Susana Diaz ) originates from Spain . The leader of Spain , where Spanish is spoken , is Felipe V . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spai . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . The leaders of Catalonia in Spain are the Parliament of Catalonia and a traditional dish from that region is Arròs negr . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain and the leader of the country is Felipe VI . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spai . The leader of the former is Carles Puigdemont and the latter , Felipe V . Naturally , Spanish is spoken in the country . Arros negre is found in the Catalonia region of Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI led , Spanish speaking , Spain . Spain is led by Felipe V . The country ' s currency is the Euro and the language spoken is Spanis . Spaniards are the main ethnic grou . Arròs negre comes from Spain . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , whose people are called Spaniard . In a part of the country called Andalusia , led by Susana Diaz , a popular food is ajoblanco . Spain is led by Felipe V . Spaniards are the main ethnic group in the countr . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spai . One of the leaders of Andulucia is Susana Diaz . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the Spaniards are the main ethnic grou . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spai . One of the leaders of Andalusia Is Susana Diaz . Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is from Andalusia , the leader of which is Susana Dia . Andalusia is in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco , which includes olive oil is a dish from Andalusia ( Spain ) where the leader is Susana Dia . Spain ' s leader is Felipe VI . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , but Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusi . They use the Euro as currenc . Ajobkanci , found in Andalusia is a food that originated in Spain . Ajoblanco has its origins in Spain ( led by Felipe VI ) and is also found in Susana Diaz led Andalusi . In Spain it can be purchased via the Euro . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanish is Spoke . The population are known as Spaniards . Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia , Spai . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI , the spoken language is Spanish , and Spaniards are the ethnic group of the country . In Spain , the language spoken is Spanis . Spain contains regions such as Andalusia , where Ajoblanco originates fro . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia , where as Felipe Vl is the leader of Spain . In Spain they speak Spanis . The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the leader of the Andalusia region is Susana Dia . This region is where Ajoblanco is from . Ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI of Spain is the leade . In this country , where the currency is the euro , the Spaniards are the ethnic group and the language is Spanish . The Euro is the currency in Spain where ajoblanco is originated from and they speak Spanish ther . Felipe VI is the leader and the main ethnic group are Spaniards . The dish ajoblanco is from Spain where an ethnic group are the Spaniards , the currency is the Euro , the language spoken is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI . The United Kingdom is led by David Camero . Among popular sandwiches in the U.K. are bacon sandwiches , which has brown sauce as one of its ingredient . The BLT is one type of a bacon club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are from the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Ministe . It often is served with brown sauce and variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where the Italian language is spoken by the inhabitants who are known as Italian . The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome . A. . Lumezzane play in Italy , where Rome is the capital and Italians liv . It is also where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Italian is the official language . AC Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the official language is Italia . The leader of the Italian people is Pietro Grasso , . Pietro Grasso leads Italy whose capital is Rom . The language there is Italian and its people are known as Italian . A. . Lumezzane play in that country . Michele Marcolini previously played for Vicenza Calcio but now plays for AC Chievo Veron . He is also the manager of AC Lumezzane who have their ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the language is Gree . Athens is the capital of Greece , and two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos , and Nikos Voutsis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulo . The country ' s capital is Athens and their currency is the euro . Greece is lead by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos , the capital city is Athens and the country uses the euro as their currenc . It is also the location of the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro . Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . Athens is its capital and its currency is the eur . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro. . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the money used is the Eur . Athens is the capital of Greece , and two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leader . The currency used in the country is the euro and the capital is Athens . Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leade . Athens is the capital of Greece and the currency is the Eur . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . The language of the country is Greek and the currency is the euro . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis as leader . Here the currency used is the Euro and the main language is Greek . Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras , are leaders in Greece , where Greek is spoken and the money used is the Eur . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Alexis Tsipra . Another leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulo . In Greece , the currency is the euro and the language is Greek . Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leade . The currency in Greece is the Euro and Greek is spoke . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Greek is spoken and the currency is the eur . It is also where two of the leaders are , Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . The currency used is the euro and the Greek language is spoken in the country . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greec . The country which has the leaders , Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . It is also , where Greek is spoken , and the Euro is used . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the language is Greek , the currency is the euro and its leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . Greek is spoken in Greece and the capital is Athens . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras as head and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as a leade . The capital city here is Athens and the language spoken is Greek . Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are a leaders in Greece where Athens is the capital and Greek is spoke . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is locate . The club is managed by Stuart Parker whose club was Stockport County but he now plays for Runcorn FC Halton . Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is locate . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was at Stockport County FC but now plays for Runcorn FC Halton . The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsde . Stuart Parker , who once played football for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC is the manager of AFC Blackpool , whose ground is located in Blackpool . Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their groun . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and Blackburn Rovers FC . Stuart Parker is the manager at AFC Blackpool who have their ground in Blackpool which is currently lead by Gordon Marsde . He also plays for Blackburn Rovers FC and is attached to Chesterfield FC . Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of AFC Blackpool is locate . The club have had Stuart Parker as their manager who has also been at Blackburn Rovers FC and is a member of Chesterfield FC . Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and the Blackburn Rovers F. . AFC Blackpool ( Blackpool ) had Stuart Parker as their manage . The Conservative Party U.K. is the leader of Blackpool . The Conservative Party UK are the leaders in Blackpool which is the location of the AFC Blackpool home groun . Their manager is Stuart Parker who has represented KV Mechelen FC and also Drogheda United FC . AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . Stuart Parker , who has played at Drogheda FC and KV Mechelen , has been the manager of AFC Blackpool . AFC Blackpool ( Blackpool ) have had Stuart Parker as their manage . Parker ( with the Drogheda United F.C. ) plays for KV Mechele . The Conservative Party U.K. is the leader of Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have their ground in Blackpool where the leader of the council is Labou . Stuart Parker , who has played at Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen , has been manager of AFC Blackpool . AFC Blackpool is located in the town of Blackpool , where the leader of the Council is the Labour Party ( UK ) . The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker who has previously played football for Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen . AS Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy and play in Serie D whose champions are currently SS Robur Sien . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the capital city is Rome . A. . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league who ' s previous champions include S S Robur Sien . The grounds of the A. . Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy which currently has Sergio Mattarella as a leader and Rome is the capital city . S. . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D. in which AS Gubbio 1910 also pla . The latter club have their home ground located in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grasso and uses the Italian language . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Ital . The football club play in Serie D , the champions of which are S. . Robur Sien . Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken is Italian . S. . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D in which AS Gubbio 1910 also pla . This latter club have their home ground in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capita . A. . Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D , of which S. . Robur Siena are champions . Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are tenants of Sportpark De Toekomst. the home ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . The ground is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax NV . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N . Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are both tenants . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekoms . It is owned and operated by AFC Ajax N.V. and tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy ( Jon Ajax ) . Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League , which AZAL PFK play i . AZAL Arena , is where home matches of AZAL PFK are playe . The club has3500 members , and are in the 2014 season . AZAL PFK , who play at the AZAL Arena and have a membership of 3500 , are in the Azerbaijan Premier League where they competed in 201 . The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK . The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag F . AZAL PFK competed in the 2014 season and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena . Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK also competed in 2014-1 . AZAL PFK have 3500 memberrs and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , it has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil and the current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. league in Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also play in the league and have their home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also played in the league in 2015 . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. league in Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members also played in the league in 2015 . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. based in Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also played in the league in 2015 . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( with 17000 members ) play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 even . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Série C . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazi . It has 17000 member . Champions of the Serie C league is the Vila Nova Futebol Clube . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C from Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also competed in the league in 2015 . St Vincent-St Mary High School , located in Akron , Ohio , US is the home of Akron Summit Assaul . They play football in the Premier Development League , of which K-W United FC were champions . K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League , which Akron Summit Assault play in. their ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , in the U.S . Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , is part of the Summit County and has Dan Horrigan as a leade . Akron is also home to St Vincent-St Mary High School which is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , US . The school is the ground of Akron Summit Assaul . The city is part of Summit County , Ohi . It is led by Dan Horrigan . Dan Horrigan is the leader in Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States , where St Vincent-St Mary High School is locate . The school is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault . The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States , where the leader is Dan Horrigan . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where the home ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School is located in Akron , Summit County , Ohio US . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assaul . The leader of Akron , Ohio is a one Dan Horrigan . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High Schoo . Which is in the United States in Summit County , in Akron , Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the U. . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the United State . Akron is the location of the home ground of Akron Summit Assault at St Vincent St Mary High School . S . Vincent St.Mary High School is located in Summit County , Ohio , Akron , Ohio , United State . Its leader is Dan Horrigan and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League ( where K-W United FC were previously champions ) . The team has their ground at St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United States . K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League , which is the league Akron Summit Assault play i . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , in Akron , Ohio , in the United States . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United State . The team play in the Premier Development League , which has previously been won by K-W United FC . St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron , Summit County , Ohio , USA is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault . The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at S . Vincent–S . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , US . Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , USA . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , U.S. . Dan Horrigan is the leader of that city . The Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-St.Mary High Schoo . The School is located in Akron , Ohio , United States which currently has Dan Horrigan as a leader . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in Ohio , United States . Akron Summit Assault have their home ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States and is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault . AS Gubbio have their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarell . The Italian people speak the Italian language and their capital city is Rome . Italians are the people who live in Italy , where the language is Italian and Sergio Mattarella is the leade . It is also where the capital is Rome and the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarell . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the language spoken in the country is Italian . Rome is the capital of Italy , where leaders include , Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarell . Italian is spoken there and it is also where the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians liv . The capital is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso , and Sergio Mattarella . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are Italian leaders in Ital . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Rome is the capital . Italians are the people who live in Italy , where Italian is the languag . Two of the leaders there are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarell . Also in Italy , is the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella lead the Italian people and the Italian language is spoken . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Rome is the capital , Italian is the official language and where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders of Italy where Rome is the capital city and the language spoken is Italia . In this country the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is also located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leader . Italy ' s capital is Rome , and Italian is the official language . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italian . The capital of Italy is Rome , the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the people who live there are called Italian . The official language is Italian and the country ' s leader is Pietro Grasso . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who have been managed by Gus Poye . His own club is Real Zaragoza and he has played for Chelsea FC . The Olympic Stadium ( in Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens F . That football team is managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F. . Gus Poyet is also associated with the Real Zaragoza football club . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . Bananaman last aired on 15th April 198 . Graeme Garden is one of the stars of the series which was created by John Geering . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and stars Graeme Garden . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . Graeme Garden was one of the stars on the series which was created by John Geering . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . Steve Bright created the series which starred Bill Oddie . Bananaman was shown by the BBC and aired between 3 October 1985 and 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie . Bananaman was the TV series shown by the BBC between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and stars Graeme Garden . The BBC aired the TV series of Bananaman between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC , airing between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . The series , which was created by John Geering , stars Graeme Garden . The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geerin . The programme was broadcast by STV and starred Graeme Garde . Bananaman was first shown on 10th March 1983 and last aired on 15th April 1986 . Bananaman was broadcast by STV between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . Bananaman was broadcast by STV from 3 October 1983 until 15 April 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . The BBC began broadcasting Bananaman on 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last episode went to air on April 15th , 198 . Steve Bright is one of the creators of Bananaman which has Tim Brooke-Taylor as one of its stars . Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . Its creator was Steve Bright and the series starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . Baymax was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagl . The character appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter . The character of Baymax appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potte . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven . Seagl . Damon Wayans , Jr. starred in the film Big Hero 6 . Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven . Seagl . Damon Wayans , Jr. starred in the film version of Big Hero 6 . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Damon Wayans J . He was created by Steven t Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung and was created by Steve . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , an American . Baymax is a character created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Roulea . He appears in Big Hero 6 that stars Jamie Chung . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chun . Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax a character in Big Hero 6 was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steve . Seagl . Maya Rudolph was one of the stars in the film version of Big Hero 6 . Baymax , is a character in Big Hero 6 whose creators are Steve . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , an American and it stars Maya Rudolph . Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagl . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rudolph . Alan Bean ( born on March 15 , 1932 ) graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . Alan Bean who was chosen by NASA in 1963 is an American born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean was an American astronaut , born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in 1932 and graduated with a B.S. in 195 . Alan Bean then went on to join NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean was a US citizen who was born in Wheeler , Texas , He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. degre . He was a test pilot and he served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . American test pilot Alan Bean from Wheeler , Texas , received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and went on to become a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission . The American Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B. . He worked as a test pilot . American test pilot Alan Bean , born Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 193 . He went on to become a test pilot and is now retired . Alan Bean , born Mar 15 , 1932. in Wheeler , Texas. was an American test pilo . He has since retired . Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 193 . Before retiring he served as a test pilot . Alan Bean is a United Stated national born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March , 193 . He was a test pilot and served as a crew member aboard Apollo 12 . American , Alan Bean , who was a test pilot , was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He went on to become a crew member of Apollo 12 . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 1 . He spent 100305.0 minutes in space . Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler , Texa . He served as a test pilot and a Apollo 12 crew membe . He spent at total of 100305.0 minutes in space . Alan Bean is a US national born in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and crew member of theApollo 12 , and he spent a total of 100305 minutes in space . Allan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 12 cre . He is retired . Alan Bean who was originally from Wheeler , Texas joined NASA in 1963 and became a member of Apollo 12 before he retired . Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He is now retired but was a crew member hired by NASA in 1963 for the Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B. . He performed as a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean ( whose Alma Mater is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 ) was born in Wheeler , Texa . He served as a test pilot before joining NASA in 1963 and ultimately becoming part of the crew for the Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler Texas graduated from UT Austin in 195 . He then went onto be selected as a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 12 in 1963 . Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas where he performed as a test pilot and was on the crew of Apollo 1 . He is retired . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March , 193 . He served as a test pilot and crew member on the Apollo 1 . Alan Bean is retired . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 193 . He worked as a test pilot and became crew member of Apollo 12 before he retired . Alan Bean was born on the 15th March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and he was chosen by NASA in 196 . He served as a crew member on Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th 193 . He then went on to become a test pilot and joined NASA in 1963 where he became a part of the Apollo 12 crew . As a member of the Apollo 12 crew , Alan Bean ( birth name Alan LaVern Bean ) spent 100305 minutes in spac . Nasa ' s Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott . Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member on the NASA-operates Apollo 12 flight mission under commander David Scot . In total , Bean spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean was born on March 15th , 193 . He served as a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 1 . He is now retire . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March , 193 . He became a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 , where he served under Commander David Scot . Alan Bean is retired . Alan Bean has now retire . He was born on 15 March 193 . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott . Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B.S and was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a crew member aboard Apollo 12 where David Scott was the commander . Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA where David Scott was the commande . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where his Alma Mater is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scot . Bean , whose Alma Mater is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 , was selected for NASA service in 1963 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Nav . He retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 195 . He was awarded the US Navy Distinguished Service Medal . He retired on 1 August 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard who was born on the 18th of November 1923 in New Hampshire graduated with an M.A. at NWC in 195 . Mr Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard is a US citizen who was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with a MA in 1957 and has died in California . Alan Shepard was a US astronaut. born in New Hampshire in 195 . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . In 1959 he was selected by NAS . Alan Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was an American born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC MA in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 195 . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilo . Alan Shepard passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated with an MA from NWC in 195 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilo . Alan Shepard passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . Alan went on to become a test pilot and joined NASA in 195 . He later died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a MA in 195 . He served on the NASA operated Apollo 14 as a crew membe . He has died in California . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , died in Californi . Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957; he was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , but died in Californi . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . The US Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is rated higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 before going on to be awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy ( which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. ) . He died in California . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 192 . He retired August 1 , 1974 and passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 192 . Having worked as a test pilot , he was selected by NASA in 195 . Shepard later died in California . Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshir . He was a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 195 . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilo . Before his retirement on the 1st of August 1974 , the United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is ranked higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilo . The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold meda . Alan Shepard retired on the 1st of August , 1974 . Alan Shepard retired on 1 August 197 . He was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilo . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal . New Hampshire born Alan Shepard ( Nov 18 1923 ) graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and died in California . Alan Shepard , born 18th of November 1923 in New Hampshire , passed away in Californi . He was a graduate of NWC , M.A. ( class of 1957 ) . Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 192 . He was selected to serve with NASA in 1959 , and died in California . Alan Shepard , who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire has died in Californi . One of his great achievements in life was being chosen by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and was selected by NASA in 195 . He served as crew member on Apollo 14 , and died in California . Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire joined NASA in 1959 and became a member of the Apollo 14 cre . He later died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was hired by NASA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Nav . This award is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . Alan Shepard has passed away . Born in New Hampshire , test pilot Alan Shepard served as a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 until he retired 1974-08-01 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He was a test pilot and was a crew member aboard the NASA operated Apollo 14 , and retired on 1 August 1974 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a test pilo . He was on the crew of Apollo 14 operated by NASA and retired on August 1 , 1974 . Alan Bean is a US national who was a member of the Apollo 12 crew ( operated by NASA ) . The back up pilot was Alfred Worden and the commander was David Scott . Alan Bean is American and was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NAS . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . Alan Bean joined NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 12 along with Alfred Worden and David Scott . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS degre . He was a crewman on the NASA operated Apollo 12 on which Alfred Worden was backup pilo . He has now retired . Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and command by David Scot . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . NASA operated the Apollo 12 mission , whose commander was David Scot . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot , and Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeer , Texas , served as a crew member . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong for which Chris Patten is a British representativ . He served as a crew member on Apollo 8 along with commander Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin , . William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA where Frank Borman was also a crew membe . He was born in British Hong Kong led by Chris Patten . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA , and its crew members included Frank Borman and William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kon . Chris Ratten served as a representative of British Hong Kong . Apollo 8 was operated by NAS . Among the crew members were Frank Borman and William Ander . The latter was born in British Hong Kong , whose representative is Chris Patten . Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 and was named Edwin . Aldrin , J . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. in 1963 , and later served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11 . Edwin . Aldrin Jr. ( more commonly known as Buzz ) was born on January 20th , 193 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. befor becoming a fighter pilot and later a crew member of Apollo 11 . Edwin E Aldrin Jr ( more usually known as Buzz ) was born on 20 January 193 . He graduated from MIT ScD in 196 . Following this he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on the 20th of January , 193 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He is now retired . Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in 193 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 before he retired . Buzz Aldrin was an American , who was born in Glen Ridge , NJ and graduated from MIT , Sc.D. in 196 . He was a fighter pilor and a member of the Apollo 11 crew . US national Buzz Aldrin , fighter pilot and Apollo 11 crew member , was born in Glen Ridge , NJ , but graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D and in the same year was selected by NASA who was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin who was originally from New Jersey graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . He then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , N . He is a US citizen and he was selected by NASA in 1963 to become a crew member of Apollo 1 . He has now retired . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is a United States nationa . He was selected in 1963 by NASA as a member of the Apollo 11 cre . He has now retired , . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on 20th of January 193 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge ( Essex County ) New Jerse . He was a crew member on the NASA Apollo 11 program . American national Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , county Essex , New Jerse . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . He went on to become a crew member on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 193 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 1 . He has now retired , . Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , NJ ) was a member of the Apollo 11 cre . William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission , which was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge in the Essex County in New Jersey and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew operated by NASA where William Anders was the backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin who is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey joined NASA and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as a back up pilot . Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. in 1963 and was selected to work for NASA the same yea . He served as a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He became a member of the Apollo 11 crew after being hired by NASA in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a SC.D. in 196 . Shortly after his graduation he was selected by NASA and served both as a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin who is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 196 . He joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930-01-20 ) was selected to work for NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , N . He was a fighter pilot , who was hired by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin , whose birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. , has won 20 award . He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 that had William Anders as backup pilo . The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA . Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. otherwise know as Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 along with William Ander . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States , where Joe Biden served as Vice Presiden . Buzz Aldrin served as a member of the crew of Apollo 11 , a program operated by NAS . The backup pilot on Apollo 11 was William Anders . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States of which Buzz Aldrin is a nationa . Aldrin was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 on which William Anders was a backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 , which was organized by NAS . William Anders was a back up pilot on the Apollo 11 mission . Alan Shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the United States Navy . He died in California . One of Alan Shepards achievements was being awarded the distinguished service medal by the United States Nav . He later died in California . Alan Shepard ' s birth place was New Hampshire and he died in Californi . He spent 13017 minutes in space and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard who was originally from New Hampshire received a distinguished service medal from the United States Navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold meda . Mr Shepard spent 13017.0 minutes in spac . He later died in California . Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is in Collin County , Texa . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas Syste . The University of Texas at Austin will be a competitor in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 Conference , is affiliated with University of Texas Syste . That is where Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas , studied . Elliot See , born in Dallas ( Collin County , Texas ) , attended the University of Texas at Austin , affiliated with the University of Texas Syste . The University of Texas will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas in 192 . He was a student of the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis . Elliot See died in St loui . He was a US National who was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and attended the University of Texas at Austin , . Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dalla . A US national , he attended the University of Texas at Austi . He died in St Louis , . Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dalla . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died in St Louis . The test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas , Austi . He died in St Louis on the 28 Feb 1966 . Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . He was a test pilo . He died in S . Louis on the 28th February 1966 . Ellit See was born on the 28th of February , 1966 in Dalla . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin and later became a test pilo . He passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See who was originally from Dallas graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . He then went on to become a test pilot and has since passed away . Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dalla . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . He died in St Louis , . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austi . He was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas in Austi . He was was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See has died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is mayo . He attended the University of Texas system affiliated University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23 July 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas syste . He died in St louis . Elliot See has died in St Loui . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System . Elliot See who was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas , went on to graduate from the University of Texas which is affiliated to the university of the Texas syste . Sadly he died in St Louis . Elliot See was born in the United States on July 23rd , 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is part of the University of Texas system , and competes in the Big 12 competition . Elliot See was born in 1927 and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas in Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) , which is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot was a US citizen . US national Elliot See from Dallas attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas syste . The University of Texas , Austin , will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See , a US national born in Texas , was educated at the University of Texas at Austin ( which is affiliated to the university of texas system ) . The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Dallas born test pilot Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austi . This university is affiliated to the university of texas system , and it will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conferenc . He later became a test pilot . Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin affiliated to the university of texas system with Gregory . Fenves as the Presiden . Elliot See died in S . Louis where Francis G Slay is the Mayor . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in S . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died on February 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in St.Louis on February 28 , 1966 . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin who were affiliated to the university of Texas system which competed in the Big 12 Conference , died in S . Louis , Kingdom of France . The University of Texas at Austin , which is competing in the Big 12 Conference is affiliated to the university of texas syste . It is from this university that Elliot See graduate . He later died in S . Louis , a city which had been part of the Kingdom of France . Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conference with Hook ' em as the masco . Gregory . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 192 . He was an American test pilot who died in S . Louis . American Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July , 192 . He served as a test pilot , and passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on July the 23rd , 1927 in Dallas , United State . He died in S . Louis . The United States National Elliot See was born on the 23rd of July , 1927 in Dalla . He passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See , NASA employee from 1962 , was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis . Elliot See , who was chosen by NASA in 1962 , has died in St Loui . He was born on July 23rd 1927 in Dallas . Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dalla . He died in S . Louis on the 28th February 1966 . Elliot See was born in Dallas , US . He died in S . Louis on February 28th 1966 . Elliot See was born on February 28 , 1966 in Dallas and passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See was a US citizen , who was born in Dalla . He was a test pilo . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See who was originally born in Dallas worked as a test pilot before he died in St.Louis . Elliot See , a test pilot , has died in St Loui . He was born in Dallas , Texas , USA . William Anders , born on October 17 , 1933 , was selected by NASA in 196 . He served as a crew member on the NASA Apollo 8 mission along with Frank Borman . William Anders , born October 17th 1933 , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served on their Apollo 8 mission alongside Frank Borman . William Anders , was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 ' s crew alongside Frank Borma . Anders was born October 17th 1933 and selected for NASA service in 1963 . William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated , with an M.S. , from AFIT in 196 . William Anders crewed Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969. . William Anders served as a crew member on Apollo . He was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 193 . In 1962 , Wiliam Anders graduated from AFIT with an M.S , and he retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . Fighter pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 193 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 193 . He was a fighter pilot and also served as a crew member of Apollo . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . William Anders was an American fighter pilot , born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 193 . He retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 and retired on the 1st September 196 . He born in Hong Kong and he was an American fighter pilot . US national William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 193 . The NASA test pilot retired on 1st September 1969 . William Anders was a crew member on the NASA-operated Apollo 8 mission , along with Frank Borma . He received his MS from AFIT in 1962 , and retired on September 1st 1969 . William Anders graduated from AFIT with a M.S. in 1962 and went on to become a part of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borma . William Anders retired in 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 193 . He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 196 . He retired on September 1st 1969 . William Anders served as a Fighter pilot before being a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew , operated by NASA , alongside Frank Borma . William Anders is now retired . William Anders worked for NASA as a fighter pilot and went on to become a part of Apollo 8 ' s crew along with Frank Borman . Mr Anders is now retired . In 1962 , William Anders received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFI . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 operated by NASA with Buzz Aldrin a the backup pilot and Frank Borman as a crew member . William Anders , who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S went onto become a crew member of the Apollo 8 missio . Frank Borman accompanied him on the mission which was operated by NASA , whilst the back up pilot was Buzz Aldrin . NASA operated the Apollo 8 , which had Buzz Aldrin as backup pilo . Frank Borman served as a crew member along with William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong . British Hong Kong born William Anders served as a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin , the backup pilot . US national William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 , which was operated by NAS . Among other crew members were Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders who is a citizen of the United States became a crew member of the Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman . William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 ( operated by NASA ) and as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 197 . His time in space is 8820.0 minute . Frank Borman was also a crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders worked for NASA and was a part of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borma . He spend 8820 minutes in space and also served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 . William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kon . He graduated , with a M.S. , from AFIT in 196 . He served as a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 . Wiliam Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT with an M.S. in 196 . In 1963 , he was selected by NASA and served as a test pilot and Apollo 8 crew member . William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 196 . The following year , he was selected by NASA and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . He served as a fighter pilot before joining NASA in 1963 as crew on the Apollo 8 , . The Hong Kong born William Anders is a retired fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders was born in British Hon . He is a retired fighter pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1963 to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Alba Iulia , Romania has the nickname " Uab " . Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the nickname of Uab and is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania . The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 Universitie is Breaz Valer Daniel . The university , which is nicknamed Uab , is in Alba Julia in Romania . Mahe , India is located northwest of the state of Kerala where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 in the city of Kuttikkattoor . One of the rivers of India is the Gange . The country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe , India . AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city , kerala state in Indi . It was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in 200 . The Ganges is a river in India . One of the rivers of India is the Ganges and the country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 and located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala where the leader is Koch . The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 199 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . Its dean is Mario Bott . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisi . The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996 . Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the Swiss city of Mendrisio.It was established in 199 . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider -Ammann . The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 199 . It dean is Mario Bott . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . The Dean of The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Switzerland is Mario Bott . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 60 . The dean is Mario Bott . The country ' s leader is named Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , with 600 students , is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Mario Botta is the Dean of the Accademi . Johann Schneider Ammann is the Swiss leader . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 1996 . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland where the legislature is the Federal Assembl . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 199 . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerlan . Its dean is Mario Bott . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Ticino , Switzerland had an academic staff of 100 and 600 students study ther . The dean is called Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 199 . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has 600 student . Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland . The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The municipality of Meride neighbours Mendrisio which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , in the municipality of Merid . Johann Scneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Accedemia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is Merid . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly . The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Amman . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio which neighbours the municipality of Meride . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is neighboured by Meride in Switzerlan . The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann and the Federal Assembly . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . Switzerland is a country which has Johann Schneider-Ammann as the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is Swiss Psal . Switzerland is also home to the Accademia de Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly , and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , established in 1996 , is located in Ticino in the city of Mendris . Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located at Ticino , in the city of Mendrisi . There are 600 students in attendance , and the school is headed by the dean , Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio , Ticino and has 600 student . Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticin . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino was established 199 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Ticino has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino and has 600 students and 100 academic staf . The Dean at the Accademia is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and a student population of 60 . The dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta . Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 199 . The name of the Dean is Mario Botta and there is an academic staff of 100 and 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 199 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 60 . The dean is Mario Botta . B M Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , Karnataka , Indi . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology ( president B M Reddy ) is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Achaya Institute of Tachnology , located in the state of Karnataka in India , at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , located in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , Indi . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The are 700 postgraduate students at the Institute . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 post-graduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Its director is Dr . . Prabhukumar . The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is Dr G P Prabhukuma . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The director is D . . . Prabhukumar and the University is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya institute of Technology is in Bangalore Karnataka state , Indi . The director is D . . . Prabhukumar and the campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , Indi . D . . . Prabhukumar is director of the Institute . The Acharya Institute of Techology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Its director is Dr . . Prabhukumar and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . The Director of The Acharya Institute of Technology located in Bangalore , India , is Dr G P Prabhukuma . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has the motto " Nurturing Excellence " . D . . . Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology is an affliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University located at Bangalore city in India , their motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was established in 200 . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 200 . It is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 200 . It has 700 students and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 is located in Bangalore , Indi . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 200 . It has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Techology in Karnataka , Bangalore , India was established in 200 . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore city , Karnataka state in Indi . It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India has 700 postgraduate student . Its president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in India at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . The President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 200 . The director is D . . . Prabhukumar and it ' s president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in India and was established in 200 . The Institute ' s President is B. . Reddy and the Director is Dr.G.P.Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000 in Indi . Its president is B. . Redd . The University itself is in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 200 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institure of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesaraya Technological Universit . It was also given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumba . Bangalore ' s founder was Kempe Gowda I . The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . It is located in Bangalore , a city founded by Kempe Gowda . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the ' TechnIcal Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Educatio . The council is in Mumbai and the founder of Bangalore is Kempe Gowda l . The state of Karnataka has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the wes . It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was granted Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnatak . It was awarded the status of Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumba . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to the north east . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda . Located in the city is the Acharya Institute of Technology , an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The institute offers tennis , as governed by the International Tennis Federation , as a sport . Kempe Gowda was the founder of the city of Bangalore where the Acharya Institute of Technology is locate . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 192 . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussel . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is locate . The School , which was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmusse . Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus . Lars Lokke Rasmussen leads Denmark under the title of the Monarchy of Denmar . The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus which is southwest of Mols . The leader in Denmark , Known as Monarchy of Denmark , is Lars Løkke Rasmusse . In this country we can found the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , that is located in Aarhus city , which has to its northeast Mols . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen , is located in Denmar . It is affiliated with the European University Association , whose headquarters are in Brussel . The religion is the Church of Denmark . The largest city in India is Mumbai but the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to the wes . The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea and southeast of Telangan . The Institute offers Tennis , governed by the International Tennis Federation , as a sport . The Acharya Institute of Technology ( in Karnatka ) is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . Karnatka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west . The Arabian Sea is to the west and Telangana is northeast of the state of Karnataka where the Acharya Institute of Technology is located . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . the Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It is located in the Belgaum , Karnatka , which is northeast of Telangana , and west of the Arabian Sea . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the Romanian city of Alba Iuli . The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Klaus Iohannis and has Bucharest as its capital city . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , român . The country is led by Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and is led by Klaus Iohanni . The ethnicity of the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest; its Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The Romanian capital city is Bucharest and the country is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and is home to the ethnic group of Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Ulia , Alba County , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis . Bucharest is the capital of Romania which is led by Klaus Iohanni . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is found in Alba Iulia , part of Alba County , Romani . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country ' s leader is called Klaus Iohannis . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussel . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussel . The country ' s leader is LarsLøkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels and has a staff compliment of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff and is located in Aarhus , Denmar . The School is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark and currently has 737 members of staf . The school is affiliated with the European University Association which has it ' s headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It is affiliated to the European University Association , whose headquarters is in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in Aarhus , Denmark in 192 . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff . The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Associatio . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . It is affiliated to the European University Association and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and has a staff compliment of 737. 16000 students attend the university currently . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmusse . Denmark has a magistrate government . The government type in Aarhus , Denmark is that of magistrate and the city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universit . The leader of Denmark , with the title of Monarchy of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 192 . It currently has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It has 16 , 000 students and it is affiliated to the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at thee Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmnar . It has 16000 students and was established in 192 . It is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has Thomas Pallesen as its dea . It was established in 1928 , has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Denmar . There are 16 , 000 students , and an academic staff size of 737 , headed by the dean , Thomas Pallesen . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and it has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Techology in Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . Its director is Dr . . Prabhukumar . Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Dean of The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , and is located in the state of Karnataka , India . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , India , was established in 200 . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , Englan . It was designed by the architect , John Madin , Who was born in Birmingha . It has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in the cit . The building has 23 floors and construction was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row , completed in 1976 with 23 floors , is located on Colmore Row in Birmingham , Englan . It was designed by architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . John Madin was the architect of the building located at 103 Colmore Row .The building was completed in 1976 . Designed by , Birmingham born , architect , John Madin , 103 Colmore Row was completed in 197 . It is located in Colmore Row and has 23 floors . Architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) designed 103 Colmore Row in 1976 ( located at Colmore Row and boasts 23 floors ) . 108 St Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , has 50 floors and was completed in 198 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars . 108 S . Georges Terrace , with 50 floors , is located in Perth , Australia , and was completed in 198 . Its construction cost 120 million Australian dollars . South Africa ' s ethnic groups include White South Africans and the Coloure . Its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and its capital is Cape Town. 11 Diagonal Street is located in this country . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are South African leader . The Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street . South Africa ' s ethnic groups include the Coloured. 11 Diagonal Street is located here and it ' s capital is Cape Tow . It ' s leaders include Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capita . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa with Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as its leaders . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capita . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa , where coloured people are an ethnic group . The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma is also a leader in the country where one of the ethnic groups is the White South African . The country has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capita . Among the country ' s leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , and white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups there . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa whose capital is Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of its leader . Ethnic groups in South Africa are Coloured people and Asian South Africans . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where ethnic groups include the Asian South Africans and the Coloure . Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa , and its capital is Cape Town . Two of the ethnic groups in South Africa , lead by Cyril Ramaphosa , are the Asian South Africans and the coloured peopl . The country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town . The capital of South Africa is Cape town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphos . There are various ethnic groups within South Africa which include both Asian South Africans and White South African . Additionally , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa . Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of the South Africa where two of the ethnic groups are the White South Africans and the Asian South African . The capital city is Cape Town and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town; Asian South Africans and white South Africans are ethnic groups , and the country ' s leader is called Cyril Ramaphosa . 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States was designed by the architectural firm HOK . The firm HOK were the architects of 200 Public Square , which is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohia , United States . 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States has a floor area of 111484 square metres . Measuring 111484 square metres , 200 Public square is located in Clevelan . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United States . 200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metre . It is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , in the United States . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United State . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States , which is run by the Cleveland City Council . Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United State . The governing body is the Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackso . It is also where 200 Public Square is located . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United States where the local leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United State . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackson . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States which is lead by Frank G Jackson . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United State . Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of the Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United State . The leader is Frank G Jackson . " 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohi . The leader of Cleveland is Frank G Javkson and Cleveland ' s governing body is Cleveland City Council. " . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is governed by the Cleveland City Council and the leader Frank G Jackson . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohi . The governing body for the city is Cleveland City Council and Frank G Jackson is a city leader . Cleveland in Ohio , United States is governed by the City Council and Frank G Jackso . It is the location of 200 Public Square . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio , United State . The leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson , and its governing body is Cleveland City Council . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , which has London as its capita . Queen Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK , as is Boris Johnson , and the European Parliament also has some control . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , the country of which London is the capital and of which Elizabeth II is a leade . Boris Johnson is the leader of London , though the city is lead via the European Parliament . Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and 20 Fenchurch Street is locate . The capital is London which is lead via the European Parliament . Boris Johnson led London is the capital of the United Kingdom ( led by Elizabeth II ) is home to the British people and 20 Fenchurch Street . The capital of the United Kingdom is London which is lead by the European Parliament along with Boris Johnso . The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street and the native people are known as British . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdo . The capital of this country is London and is lead via the European Parliamen . The leader is called Boris Johnso . The natives of the United kingdom are British people . London is the capital of the UK which is lead by Elizabeth II via the European Parliamen . The native people are known as British and 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital city of which is London ( which is lead via the European Parliament ) . British people inhabit the UK and the leader is Elizabeth II . The United Kingdom is lead by Elizabeth II and also the European Parliamen . The native people are known as British and the capital of the country is Londo . The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , United States , began in January 201 . The building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) and cost 110 million dollars . Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States began in January 201 . The building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build . In January 2014 building began on the construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the U . The building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) and cost 110 million dollars . 300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors , is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The leader of the city is Susana Mendoza . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United State . Chicago is the location of 300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois which is part of the United State . It has 60 floors and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . The 300 North La Salle is located in Chicago , Illinois , US and has 60 floor . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , which is led by Susana Mendoza , and has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . Chicago is lead by Susana Mendoza and can be found in Illinois , United State . The language of Illinois is English and one of Chicago ' s landmarks is 300 North LaSelle . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago in Illinois , United States where the English language is spoke . The city is the location of 300 North La Salle . Springfield is the capital of English language speaking Illinois , in The United States , and is home to Chicago , Illinois ' 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( the capital of which is Springfield ) , United State . The English language is spoken in Illinois . Chicago ( led by Susana Mendoza ) is located in Cook County , Illinois , United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle ( which has 60 floors ) . In United States , Cook County , Illinois part Chicago where Susana Mendoza is the leader and also has place 300 North LaSalle which has 60 Floors . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago which is part of Cook County , Illinois in the U. . The leader is Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors , is located in Chicago , Illinois , U.S . Chicago ' s leader is called Rahm Emanuel . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United States. 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and has 60 floors . Chicago is lead by Rahm Emanuel and is part of Illinois in the United State . One of its monuments is the 300 North LaSelle , a building which has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , U . Its leader is called Rahm Emanue . Chicago is part of the State of Illinois and the language is the English . The English language is spoken in Illinois , United States , which is the location of Chicago. 300 North LaSalle can be found in the city where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( the capital being Springfield ) in the United State . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago . Chicago , Illinois in the US is lead by Rahm Emanuel. 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and the state language is English . Susana Mendoza is a leader of Chicago , which is located in Chicago , Illinois in the United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , where one of the leaders is Susana Mendoz . Chicago is part of the state of Illinois , in the United State . The capital of that state is Springfield . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and the language spoken there is English . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois in the United States , where English is the official languag . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , where the leader is Susana Mendoz . Chicago is part of Illinois , United States where the language spoken is English . The United States is home to English speaking Chicago , Illinois ( capital : Springfield ) and Chicago ' s 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the language used in Illinois is English . The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at North Wall , Dubli . The arena , which has a height of 28 metres , was completed in December 2008 and hosts concerts and events . Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena which is 28 metres high and was completed in December 200 . It is located at North Wall , Dublin and designed by the architectural company Populous . 3Arena in North Wall , Dublin , whose height is 28 metres , was designed by the company Populous and completed in December 200 . It hosts various concerts and events . Populous is the architect of 3Arena at East Link Bridge , which is a concert and venue building 28 metres high , completed December 2008 . HOK SVE were the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall Qua . The arena hosts concerts and events and was completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres . The 3Arena at North Wall Quay was designed by architects HOK SV . It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metre . The Arena hosts concerts and events . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 200 . This 28metre high structure plays host to concerts and events . 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and hosts concerts and event . It has a height of 28 metres and was designed by the architect HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 . " The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and the height of 3Arena is 28.0 meter . The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and the 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building. " . Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by HOK SV . The arena is 28 metres high and was completed in December 2008 . Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by the architectural company Populou . It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metres . 3Arena hosts concerts and events and is located in Dubli . It was designed by the architectural company Populous and completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres . Dublin , part of Leinster , is in the Republic of Ireland and is lead by the European Parliament. 3 Arena is located there and their owner is Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena ( owned by Live Nation Entertainment ) is located in European Parliament led Dublin ( a part of Leinster of The Republic of Ireland ) . Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Irelan . Dublin is lead by the European Parliament . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is located in Dublin , Leinster , the Republic of Irelan . Criona Ni Dhalaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin . 3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Irelan . The leader of government is the European Parliament and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin . 3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is located in Dublin , in the Republic of Irelan . European Parliament is the leader of Dublin , of which Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor . The 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , where Dáil Éireann is a leader and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayo . The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment . Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena which is located in Dublin , Republic of Irelan . The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the leader is Dail Eireann . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floor . It was designed by the architects 3XN and is currently tenanted by Marriott International . Designed by architect 3XN and located in Denmark , the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen can be found in Denmar . It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center , where Marriott International is its tenant . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , where the Faroese language is spoke . Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C , is currently the hotel ' s tenant , and Bill Marriott is a key leader in the organisation . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , where Faroese is spoke . The hotel ' s tenant is Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , and led by Bill Marriott . Bill Marriott is a key person of Washington Dc founded Marriott International , a tenant of Copenhagen , Denmark ' s AC Hotel Bella Sky ( where the Faroese language is spoken ) . Marriott International , which was founded in Washington DC , is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmar . The Prime Minister of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is one of the languages spoken . Founded in Washington.D. . Marriot Hotels is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen Denmar . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen , where Faroese is spoken . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is Marriott International , the company which was founded in Washington D . One of the languages in Denmark is the German and the leader of the country is Margrethe II of Denmark . Marriott International ( founded in Washington DC ) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmar . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of the country and one of the languages spoken in Denmark is German . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , and has the Marriott International Hotel ( founded in Washington , D.C. ) as its tenan . One of the languages used in Denmark is German , and the country ' s leader is Margrethe II of Denmark . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is Marriott International - a company that was founded in Washington D . The prime minister of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is German . Marriott International was founded in Washington D . The Marriott International Hotel is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader . One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic and the leader is Margrethe I . The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen and tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Denmark is lead by Margethe II and one of the languages spoken is Greenlandi . The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhage . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington by key person Bill Marriott . Denmark is lead by Margrethe II of Denmark and is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhage . The current tenant is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and has Bill Marriott as one of the key people . Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D . They are the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in the country of Denmark which is lead by Margrethe II . The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark is the Marriott International Hote . Marriott International was founded in Washington D . Copenhagen is the Danish capital and the country is lead by Margrethe II . The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and the capital city is Copenhagen which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sk . The hotel is currently tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . " The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark ' s leade . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark and the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. " . Bill Marriott is one of the key people of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmar . The country is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center and it has 23 floors and 814 room . It was designed by 3XN grou . A tenant there is the Marriott International Hotel . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architectural firm 3XN and has 814 rooms and 23 floors. the hotel is owned by Bella Center and the current tenants are Marriott International . 3XN firm designed the Bella Center owned AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen with its 23 floors and 814 rooms and has the tenant Marriott International . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by architects 3X . It is owned by Bella Center and currently tenanted by Marriott International . Located in Copenhagen , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN fir . It has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by Marriott International . Adare Manor is located in Adare , which is part of Munste . The architect of the manor is Augustus Pugin , whose birthplace was Bloomsbur . One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace of Westminster . Augustus Putin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor ( located in Adare , part of Munster ) and The Palace of Westminster . The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the significant building of the Palace of Westminste . He also designed Adare Manor in Adare , Munster . Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminste . Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster . The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbur . He designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in County Limerick , Munster . The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , where English and Irish are the main languages spoken by the Irish inhabitant . The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro . The official language of the Republic of Ireland is Irish , and in Ireland is Irish Englis . The native people of the Republic are the Irish and the currency is the eur . The Republic is the location of Adare Manor . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , the leader of which is Enda Kenn . Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland , where they speak English and Irish languages . The Republic of Ireland is lead by Enda Kenny and is inhabited by the Irish people who may use one of the official languages of Irish or Englis . The Republic is the location of Adare Manor . Irish and English are languages used in the Republic of Ireland by the Irish peopl . The Republic is lead by Enda Kenny and is the location of Adare Manor . The Republic of Ireland , led by Edna Kenny and home to the Irish , where the currency is the euro , is home to Adare Manor . Seat of the local government , Addis Ababa City Hall ( built 1961-1964 ) is 42 metres tall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . The construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 196 . The building , which is the seat of the local government , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 ( square metres ) . The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabia . It was constructed from 1927 to 1931 and is located on S . Benedict ' s Monastery in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputale , Sri Lank . Work on Adisham Hall , in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " , began in 1927 and finished in 1931 . " Adisham Hall is located in Haputale which is in Sri Lanka and the capital of Sri Lanka is Sri JayawRdenepura Kotte and Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lank . Sri Lanka ' s currency is the Ski Lankan rupee. " . Adisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , and the official currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Adisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , and the official language is Tamil . Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lank . Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , people there speak Tamil language . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lank . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the main language is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lank . The country ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the Tamil language is used and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Sri Lanka uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency and the Tamil languag . The capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and Adisham Hall is found in Haputale . The address of Adisham Hall is , St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lank . Construction of the building , which has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' , commenced in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall was started to be built in 1927 and was completed in 193 . Adisham Hall has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' and it ' s address is : S . Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita; Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the leader is Taro Aso and has a Brazilian ethnic group . The Akita Museum of Art is found in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan where the leader is Taro Aso and one of the ethnic groups are the Brazilians . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country . Taro Aso is the leader of Japan which has the Vietnamese people as one of it ' s ethnic group . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan where Taro Aso is the leade . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japa . The leader of Japan is Shinzō Ab . Brazilians are one ethnic group there . The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the leader is Shinzo Ab . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō . One of the ethnic groups of Japan are the Brazilians and the country is lead by Taro As . The Akita Museum of Art is located in the country at Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is lead by Taro As . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan which is lead by Shinzo Ab . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Shinzō Abe . Akita , Japan holds the Akita Museum of Art and is part of the Akita Prefectur . Japan ' s leader is Shinzo Abe and it homes various ethnic groups one of which is the Filipinos . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō . The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is lead by Taro As . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japa . The country ' s leader is Tarō Asō , and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita , part of the Akita Prefecture in Japa . Akhito is the Emperor of Japan whose ethnic groups include the Vietnamese . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country . The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita in Japan which is ruled by Emperor Akihit . Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture and one ethnic group in Japan is the Filipinos . Alan B Miller Hall is in Virginia , United State . The architect was Robert A. . Stern and the current owner is the College of William and Mary but the current tenants are The Mason School of Business . The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Virgini . The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern . The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Virgini . It was designed by architect Robert A M Stern and completed on 1 June 2009 . Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and was designed by the architect Robert A M Ster . It is located at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia and was completed on 1 June 2009 . The Alan B Miller Hall ' s location is 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virgini . It was designed by Robert A. . Stern and was completed on 1 June 2009 . Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujara . Gujarat ' s leader is the Legislative Assembly . Amdavad , completed in 1995 , is located in Ahmedabad , Gujaret , India , at Lalbhai Dalpatbhal Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Row . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , Ahmedabad , Indi . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 . Amdavad ni Gufa , designed by the architect B V Doshi , was completed in 1995 in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Indi . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat which is lead by a Legislative Assembly . Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Ahmedabad , Gujurat , Indi . The leader of Gujarat is called the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , where one such leader was Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Indi . The leader of Gujarat ( also known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly ) is Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , Indi . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , and . . Thakur was an Indian leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Indi . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur . The Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka and had 476 beds . Ampara Hospital , which has a website , has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District in the Eastern Province State of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , has 476 bed count and a website . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lank . In the Eastern Province of the country Austin Fernando is the leade . Also in that region is Ampara Hospital located in the Ampara District . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte but the Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District , Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is a key leade . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the Sri Lankan rupee is used as currency . Sri Lanka has the currency of the Sri Lankan rupee and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupe . The Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province where the leader is Austin Fernando . The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara , in the Eastern Province , of Sri Lank . Austin Fernando is one of the leaders of that regio . One of Sri Lanka ' s leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leade . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Counci . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing bod . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province , and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province ( leader : Austin Fernando ) , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency used in the country is the Sri Lankan Rupee . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leade . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province of Sri Lanka : which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe , has the rupee as currency and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura . Sri Lanka is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe , has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currenc . It is the location for the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state . Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , the country which has the Sri Lankan rupee as its currency and Ranil Wickremesinghe as its leader . The architect Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco , designed many significant building . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building ( a Californian landmark ) , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle . The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed several significant building . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and she was also behind Chinatown in San Francisco . Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has designed buildings in Chinatown including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach and Hearst Castle . Architect Julia Morgan was born in Californi . She has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , the Asilomar Conference Ground and the Asilomar State Beach . The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan but she has two other important buildings on her resume : the Asilomar State Beach and the Riverside Art Musuem. , She was born in California and also worked on Hearst Castle . Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach . The architect Julia Morgan , who was born in California , designed many significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the landmark Hearst Castle , Asilomar State Beach and the buildings of Chinatown in San Francisco . The architect Julia Morgan was born in California and designed several significant projects including Hearst Castle , the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown , San Francisco . Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 and is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , Californi . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 8700082 . The Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman . Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style and located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 , 1987 , has the reference number 87000823 . The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds which were constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , Californi . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number " 87000823 " , and were built in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California , it was constructed in 1913 and has the architectural style of American Craftsma . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. with the reference number 87000823 . The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman at Pacific Grove , Californi . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 with the architectural style of American Craftsman , are located in Pacific Grove , Californi . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with ref number 87000823 . Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 in a Romanesque Revival style , are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 , with reference number 80002709 . In 1904 the Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed at Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street in the Romanesque Revival style of architectur . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhatta . They are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture and were constructed in 190 . The reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places and was added on 1980-04-23 . Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 and designed in the Romanesque Revival style , is located in Avenue A , Manhatta . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 , with Reference Number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 with a Romanesque Revival architectural style , is located in Manhatta . It was registered in the National Register of Historic Places on 23 / 4 / 1980 with number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan and were constructed in 190 . The architectural style is Romanesque Revival and they were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and given the reference number 80002709 . Built in 1904 and located in Manhattan , the Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architectur . On 1980-04-23 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places under the reference number 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York Cit . They were constructed in 1904 and are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architectur . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York Cit . They were constructed in 1904 and have the Romanesque Revival style of architectur . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 23rd April 1980 . Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 in the Romanesque Revival style of architectur . They are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number of 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattern New York City , New York , United state . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr . Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City , Manhattan , New York , in the U.S . Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in the U. . Both Manhattan ( led by Cyrus Vance Jr. ) and Brooklyn are a part of New York City . Manhattan and Brooklyn are located in New York City , U.S. , where the Asser Levy Public Baths are locate . Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York in the United State . The leader of Manhattan , part of New York City , is Cyrus Vance Jr . The Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City in the U . Manhattan is part of New York City , New York and is lead by Gale Brewer . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United State . Manhattan is part of New York City , New York , and its leader is Gale Brewer . The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City in the United State . Manhattan , which is lead by Gale Brewer , and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , ( part of New Netherland ) United State . Manhattan is one part of New York City and is lead by Gale Brewer . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths is New York City in the United State . New York City was part of New Netherland , but now Manhattan , where Gale Brewer is the leader . Birmingham is lead by the Birmingham City Council and the Liberal Democrat . The town ( which has the B postcode ) is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . Birmingham is lead by Liberal Democrats , is governed by The Birmingham City Council ( has postal code B ) and is home to architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row . Architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) designed 103 Colmore Row; Birmingham ( postal code B ) is governed by The Labour Party ' s ( UK ) Birmingham City Council . The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham , which is led by the UK Labour Party and is governed by Birmingham City Counci . John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham ( postcode area ' B ' ) , was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in the cit . Birmingham ' s governing body is Birmingham City Council , which is lead by the Labour Party . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , with postcode area ' B ' . Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders of Birmingham , alongside Birmingham City Council . Birmingham ' s governing body is the City Council and Khalid Mahmood , a British politician is one of the leader . The city is the birthplace of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , and has the " B " postcode . The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council and is lead by Andrew Mitchel . The city , which has the B postcode , is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . Architect John Madin , of Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row; Birmingham postal code is B and is led by the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell . The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham , which is led by the UK Labour Party and governed by Birmingham City Counci . It is also the hometown of Joh Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . The governing body of Birmingham ( which has the B postcode ) is the City Council lead by the UK Labour Part . The city is the home town of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . Birminham , which has the B postcode , is lead by Labour politician John Clancy and the Birmingham City Counci . It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who originated from Birmingham ( postal code ' B ' ) . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham , with Birmingham City Council as the governing body . The governing body of Birmingham , which has the B postcode , is the City Council along with labour politician John Clanc . It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingha . With the postcode ' ' B ' ' , Birmingham is run by Birmingham City Council with Khalid Mahmood as one of its leaders . The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council along with the British politician Khalid Mahmoo . The city , which has the B postcode , is the home town of John Madin who was the architect responsible for 103 Colmore Row . Birmingham City Council governs the city of Birmingham which has the postcode area " B " . It is lead by the Conservative Party ( UK ) and is the hometown of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingha . The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party ( UK ) , and it has the postcode area ' B ' . Its governing body is Birmingham City Council . Amharic is the language of Ethiopia where the leader is Hailemariam Desaleg . The country is the location of Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall in the city of Addis Ababa . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Amharic language is spoke . Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where the Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are found . Amharic is the language of Ethiopia , which is led by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn and the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , the country where the Amharic language is use . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and another leader there is Mulatu Teshome . Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Amharic is the language of Ethiopia and the country ' s leader is Mulatu Teshome . The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoke . The name of the country ' s leader is Malatu Teshome . Amharic is a language in Ethiopia where the leader is Malatu Teshom . Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located . Addis Ababa is in in Ethiopia and has a City Hall and Stadiu . Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader and the language is Amharic . Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and the language used in the country is Amharic . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia and the Addis Ababa Stadium can also be found ther . The leaders of Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in this country . Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are key country leaders . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is the language spoke . Key leaders of Ethiopia include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome . Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desaleg . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia and the language spoken there is Amharic . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . The emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Brazilians . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . The leader of Japan is called Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London ( leader Boris Johnson ) . The currency of the UK is the Pound Sterling and the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London . Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom and Boris Johnson is a leader in the capital city of London along with the Parliament of the United Kingdo . The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . London , the capital of the UK , is lead by the Parliament of the United Kingdom along with Boris Johnso . Elizabeth II is leader of the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is Londo . The leader of London is called Boris Johnson , the Parliament of the United Kingdom is also the leader of the cit . Natives of the UK are called British people . Natives of the United kingdom are called British people , their leader is Elizabeth II and 20 Fenchurch Street is located ther . The capital is London and their leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom . The native people of the United Kingdom are lead by Elizabeth II and are known as Britis . The Parliament of the UK is the leader of London , the capital city , and the country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , his leader is Enda Kenn . Irish people are the inhabitants and they speak English languag . The currency is the euro . Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , where English is the main language used by the Iris . The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny , and the currency used is the Euro . Washington Dc is the capital of the United States , home to 250 Delaware Avenue , and led by Barak Obama and Joe Biden . Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the United States which is lead by the Presiden . The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and the leader has the title President of the United State . Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the US . The President is the leader of the United States where John Roberts and Joe Biden are both leader . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has the capital of Washington DC . Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the country ' s leader is known as the Presiden . Joe Biden is a leader in the US and the Chief Justice of the USA is John Robert . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States where the leader is the President and the current Chief Justice is John Robert . The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where Washington DC is the capita . The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States , and other key leaders include Paul Ryan and Barack Obama . The current leader of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC is President Barack Obam . Another leader is Paul Ryan and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . The United States is lead by a President who was Barack Obama , the language spoken is English and one of the ethnic groups are the African American . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United State . A country where the leader is known as President of the United State . Barack Obama is the President in this English speaking country where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . 250 Delaware Avenue is located within the United States where English is the language and the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . John Roberts is a leader in the United States where the country ' s leader is titled the President of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which has English as it ' s language and the ethnic group of Native Americans can be foun . The leader of the US is titled the President and the current Chief Justice is John Roberts . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where a leader is Paul Rya . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the language spoken is English and the leader is President of the United States . The leader of the United States of America ( where English is the primary language ) is President Barack Obam . One United States ethnic group is White Americans . Additionally 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the English language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is Asian . The President of the United States is the most important leader , and Joe Biden is also a leader . The Asians are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English languag . The leader of the country is Joe Biden who has the title of Presiden . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is know as the President of the United State . One of the leaders in the US is Joe Biden and an ethnic group of the United States ( where English is the language ) is Asian Americans . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoke . One of the leaders is John Roberts and the country is lead by the Presiden . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the country . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is the official language , and an ethnic group present is Asian . The title of the leader is President of the United States; John Roberts is also a leader . John Roberts is the Chief Justice of the USA which is lead by the President. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country which uses the English language and where one of the ethnic groups are White Americans . The White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English languag . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and is lead by the Presiden . One of the leaders in the country is Paul Ryan . English is the language of the United States which is lead by a President and has the ethnic group of White American . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has Paul Ryan as one of it ' s leaders . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and came under the influence of Robert A Heinlei . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic Wa . Also preceding the book are the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint , born in Burbank California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic Wa . These books were preceded by DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazette . He was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian crisis ( the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes ) . The book was also preceded by the DeMarce short stories in The Grantville Gazettes . Iinfluenced by Robert A Heinlein , Eric Flint ( born in Burbank California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s prequel The Grantville Gazettes , a collection of DeMarce short stories . After DeMarce short stories were published in the Grantville Gazettes , there came 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint of Burbank California , who was influenced by Robert A , Heinlein , as a sequel to Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . He was influenced by Robert . Heinlein and has also written DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III . The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English . The novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) is followed by Ring of Fire II , which was written in Englis . This book was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II . Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellio . The book is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein. 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in English , the language also spoken in Great Britain . Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert . Heinlein , was the author of " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " . The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . London is the capital city of the United Kingdom which is lead by Elizabeth I . The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who have Wolters Kluwer as their parent company . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the capital city is Londo . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . Their parent company is Wolters Kluwe . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins which publishes AIDS ( journal ) in the U . The capital city of the UK is London and one of the leaders is Elizabeth II . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many Native Americans , and its capital city is Washington D.C . The language of Great Britain is English , and this was used in the original publication of A Fortress of Grey Ic . The book is , however , from the United States where the capital city is Washington D . The country is also where the Native Americans are known as an ethnic group . A Fortress of Grey Ice is a novel from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Wa . The book is written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scriptur . Ireland is a country where one of the ethnic groups are the white people . A Long Long Way Was published by Viking Press ( whose parent company is Penguin Random House ) and comes from Irelan . The novel was followed by The Secret Scriptur . Ireland has the ethnic group , White . Published by Viking Press in Ireland , the novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scriptur . The main ethnic group of Ireland is white and the capital is Dublin . An ethnic group of Ireland is white people and it ' s largest city is Dubli . A Long Long Way , published by Faber and Faber , comes from Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture . Th Secret Scriptures is published by Faber and Faber in Ireland and is a sequel to A Long Long Wa . Ireland ' s largest ethnic demographic is white / caucasian . The book A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where there is an ethnic group of White people and where the capital city is Dubli . This book was followed by The Secret Scripture , which was published by Faber and Faber . A Long Long Way , written in English ( language of Great Britain ) was published in ireland by Viking Pres . It was followed by the novel The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Pres . This book was followed by The Secret Scripture and was written in English , the language used in Great Britain . A Long Long Way is written in the English language and comes from Ireland although English is also spoken in Great Britai . It was followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber . The Irish book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way , " which is written in English ( the language of Great Britain . A Long Long Way is written in the English Language ( spoken in Great Britain ) . The book was published by Viking Press , which is based in the United States , and was followed by the book The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people live , and published by Viking Press between Annie Dunne and The Secret Scripture . A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , published by Soho Press in the United State . The English language is spoken in Great Britai . One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African American . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where there is an ethnic group called the African American . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is the language of Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britai . It is published by Soho Press in the United States where there are many Asian Americans . The primary language spoken in Great Britain is English and the book A loyal Character Dancer was written in this languag . It was published by Soho Press which is located in United State . The US includes many Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , written in English ( language of Great Britain ) . The US has many ethnically Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , was published by Soho Press in the United States , where Native Americans are among the ethnic group . The English language is also spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , as spoken in Great Britai . However , it is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britai . It is published by Soho Press , located in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain , was published by Soho Press and is located in the U.S , where there are an ethnic group called The African Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britai . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press who are based in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans . Although A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , it is written in English as spoken in Great Britai . The US is known as home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in " A Loyal Character Dancer " . The book is published by Soho Press in the United State . That country contains the ethnic group of Native Americans . Soho Press in the United States published the book A Loyal Character Dance . The book is written in English , as spoken in Great Britai . The United States is home to the ethnic group of Native Americans . The language of Great Britain is English and this is used by the writer of A Loyal Character Dance . The book is published by Soho Press in the United States where the ethnic group of Native Americans can be found . A Severed Wasp is in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) , from the United States , a country with capital city Washington D.C. and a large population of Asian Americans . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and is the originating country of A Severed Was . The book is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britain . A severed Wasp was written in English ( language of Great Britain ) and originates from the United States , where one ethnic group is Asian American and the capital city is Washington D.C . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , which is also spoken in Great Britai . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the capital city is Washington D.C . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States and written in English , language of Great Britai . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and the original population of the country are Native Americans . A Wizard of Mars is published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United State . The capital city there is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and the country includes many Asian American . This book is written in English , which is the language of Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and there is an ethnic group called Asia American . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . Aenir is an Australian novel that was preceded by the novel Castl . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir and was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone . The Australian novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle and it ' s sequel is Above The Veil which in turn was followed by Into Battle and later The Violet Keystone . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abb . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . Code information : ISSN number 0567-7920 , LCCN number of 60040714 , CODEN code APGPAC . The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . It is identified by the LCCN number 60040714 , the ISSN number of 0567-7920 and the CODEN code of APGPAC . The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) . The ISSN number for the journal is 0567-7920 , the LCCN number 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol . It is identified by the ISSN number of " 1732-2421 " and the LCCN number of 6004071 . It also has the CODEN code of " APGPAC " . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol.Po . It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 , a LCCN number of 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and their president is Elizabeth Garret . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Elizabeth Garrett is president at Cornell University , Ithaca , New Yor . The University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , New Yor . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly affiliated with Association of American Universities and Association of Public and Land grant Universities is in Ithaca , New York . Cornell Unversity is in Ithaca , New York and Elizabeth Garrett is the presiden . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , Cornell University in Ithaca New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterl . The president of the univesity is Elizabeth Garrett . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which is located in Ithaca New Yor . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D.C . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many African Americans , and its capital city is Washington D.C . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US and is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but it comes from the U.S. where white American live and Washington . C. is the capital . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many Asian Americans , and its capital city is Washington D.C . The language spoken in Great Britain is English and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in this language but comes from the United State . In the United States , the capital is Washington D.C and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , which capital is Washington , D.C. and Asian Americans is one of the ethnic group . The book is written in the English language. that is spoken as well in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , as spoken in Great Britai . However is originates from the United States which is lead by Barack Obam . That country is also home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans . Although Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language , as spoken in Great Britain , it originates from the United State . This country is lead by Barack Obama and includes many Asian Anericans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leade . It is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many Asian Americans . The English language , as spoken in Great Britain , was used by the authors of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian . The book comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Joe Biden is a leader in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is that of the Asian American . The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in the United States in English , which is also spoken in Britai . The United States is home to White Americans and is led by President Barack Obama . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is spoken in Great Britai . However , the book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leade . Some of the inhabitants of the US are the white Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leade . The country is home to the ethnic group of African American . The book is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. , where a leader is Joe Biden and where the African Americans are an ethnic grou . The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an English language book from the United States which Joe Biden is a leader o . White Americans are an ethnic group there . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , located in the U. . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britai . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where The African Americans are an ethnic grou . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press who are located in the U.S . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where African American is an ethnic group and like in Great Britain , English is spoken . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the U. . The language spoken there is English , which was originated in Great Britai . One ethnic group of the U.S. is African American . The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language spoken , as in Great Britai . The book " A Loyal Character Dancer " was published in the US by Soho Press . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and it is based in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups of the United States and they speak English , same as in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , that is based in the United States , where people speak English , same as in Great Britain and there are an ethnic group called Native Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S , the capital is Washington , D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African America . They speak English , same as in Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S , the capital of this country is Washington . C. and one of the ethnic group is The African American . They speak English , same as in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book from The United States , where English ( the language of Great Britain ) is spoke . The capital is Washington D.C. and one ethnic group is Native American . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the language spoken is English , which is also the language of Great Britai . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the country where one of the ethnic groups are the White Americans . English is the spoken language in Great Britain and the United State . In the United States , Washington D.C. is the capital , white Americans live there and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital city of the United States is Washington D.C. , and Asian Americans are one of the nation ' s ethnic groups . English is the spoken language in both Great Britain and the United State . In the United States , Washington D.C. is the capital , the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp is a book that originates from the United State . The country has the capital city of Washington DC and uses the English language , as spoken in Great Britai . One of the ethnic groups within the country are the Asian Americans . The English language of the US is also spoken in Great Britai . The US has many Asian Americans and the Severed Wasp is found her . The capital of the United States in Washington D.C . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where the leader is Barack Obama , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written . English is the language both of Great Britain and the United States , where Barack Obama is the leade . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from The US where you can find the ethnic group of African Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic grou . Like in Great Britain , English is also spoken in the United States . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is African American . English is spoken in the United States and Great Britain . After Wolf Solent , John Cowpher Powys from Shirley , Derbyshire wrote A Glastonbury Romanc . He next wrote the novel Weymouth Sands , followed by the novel Maiden Castle . The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . The novel is a sequel to Wolf Solent and was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . A Glastonbury Romance , the sequel to Wolf Solent , was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . The book was followed by Maiden Castle and Weymouth Sands . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley Derbyshire and wrote " Wolf Solent " . The book is followed by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . Shirley , Derbyshire is the birthplace of John Cowper Powys who wrote " Wolf Solent " . This book is followed by the novel " A Glastonbury Romance " , " Weymouth Sands " and " Maiden Castle " . A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands , which is sequeled to Maiden Castle , and was preceded By Wolf Solent , which author is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and was the author of Weymouth Sand . This book was preceded by Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance , and followed by the novel Maiden Castle . The English language is spoken in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is leader and the capital city is Londo . The AIDS journal , from the United Kingdom , is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in the United Kingdom , which capital is London , the language is English and its leader is Elizabeth II . Elizabeth II is a leader in the English speaking United Kingdom , where British people liv . The AIDS Journal , published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , is from the United Kingdom . The language spoken in the United Kingdom , inhabited by British people , is English and the leader is Elizabeth I . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK , where the leader is Elizabeth II , English is the language spoken , and the country is inhabited by British people . David Cameron is a leader in the English speaking United Kingdom , where the AIDS Journal was publishe . The AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which is parented by Wolters Kluwer . Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS journal in the United Kingdo . The country uses the English language and is lead by David Cameron from the capital city , London . David Cameron is leader of the UK where the English language is spoken and the capital is Londo . The country is the location of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the AIDS ( journal ) . AIDS ( journal ) was published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . London is the capital of the UK , where David Cameron is a leader and English is the language spoken . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the U . The language of the country is English and the previous leader of the Britsh people was David Cameron . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the U . The language of the country is English and David Cameron was the previous Prime Minister of the British people . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , which parent company is Wolters Kluwe . It is from the United Kingdom , where the leader is David Cameron and the capital is London . London is the capital city of the United Kingdom where David Cameron is a leader along with Elizabeth I . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . Elizabeth II and David Cameron are the leaders of the United Kingdom in which London is the capital cit . AIDS journal is published in the U.K. by Lippincott Williams & Williams . AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where London is the capital , and David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders . Lippincott Williams & Wilkins publish the AIDS ( journal ) in the United Kingdo . The country is lead by David Cameron and Elizabeth II and uses the English language . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdo . The language used in the UK is English and the leaders include Elizabeth II and David Cameron . A Wizard of Mars is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , and was published in the United States , a country where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C . A Wizard of Mars is written in English , as spoken in Great Britai . It originates from the United States where the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington DC . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many African Americans , and its capital city is Washington D.C . A Wizard of Mars is a book from the United State . The capital of that country is Washington D.C. and English is spoken there ( as in Great Britain ) . One of the ethnic groups there is African American . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the capital is Washington . C. and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from there . A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United State . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and English is spoken as it is in Great Britain , and one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Fortress of Grey is from the United States where Barack Obama is leader , African American ' s comprise one of the ethnic groups and similar to English speaking Great Britain , English is the language of the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many African Americans , and its leader is Barack Obama . A Wizard of Wars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic Grou . The book is written in English which is a language spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars is written in English which is also a language spoken in Great Britai . The book originates from the United States where African Americans are one ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leader . A Wizard of Mars is an American novel , where English ( the language of Great Britain ) is spoke . The previous president was Barack Obama who is African American . A Wizard of Mars is written in English , the spoken language of Great Britai . However , it originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the country ' s leader is known as the President . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , a country lead by the Presiden . It is the origin of A Wizard of Mars which is published in English , as spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars was published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States , where the leader is called a " president " and part of the population is African American . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) , and the leader is called the Presiden . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the capital city is Washington D.C . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leade . The language of the US is English which is also spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is a book from the United State . The country speaks predominently English ( like Great Britain ) and it ' s previous leader was Barack Obam . The US also has many Asian Americans . The USA has Barack Obama as it ' s leader and English is the language which is also spoken in Great Britai . Asian Americans are an ethnic group and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the USA . A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in English , the language spoken in Great Britai . It originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The United States and Great Britain both use the language of Englis . It is in the United States that A Fortress of Grey Ice originate . The country is home to the ethnic group of Native Americans and has Washington DC as its capital . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the main language is English , originated in Great Britai . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that land . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Barack Obama is leader , and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English ( the language of Great Britain ) . In the United States , Barack Obama is the leader and native Americans are an ethnic Group . English is spoken in Great Britain and A Severed Wasp is written in it but comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and Barack Obama is the president . A Severed Wasp was written in English ( language of Great Britian ) and is from the United State . The previous president of the country was Barack Obama who is African American . A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups there is The African Americans. they speak English , same as in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars was written in English , a language spoken in Great Britai . However it is published in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . A wizard of mars written in English spoken mostly in Great Britain was published in United States whose president is Barack Obama . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars is published in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars was punlished in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United State . The president of the US was previously Barack Obama and many Asian Americans live there . Written in English , A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where English is spoken , as in Great Britai . The previous leader of the US was Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where English ( language of Great Britain ) is spoke . Barack Obama was the previous president of the US and Asian Americans are amongst the population there . The United States is lead by Barack Obama and uses the English language , which is also used in Great Britai . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and it is where A Severed Wasp was written . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the country where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans are an ethnic grou . English is the language of the United States and also of Great Britain . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the leader of this country is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African America . They speak English , same as in Great Britain . There are many aspects of United States culture , from the title A Wizard of Mars , to the Native American , to the President Barack Obama , to the English language which is also spoken in Britain . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . Barack Obama is the president of the US where A Wizard of Mars originates from and Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , the country where the leader is Barack Obama and there is an ethnic group called Native American . English is spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States and followed 1634 The Galileo Affai . It comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic grou . The country ' s capital is Washington DC and Barack Obama is President . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and originates in the United State . That country is lead by Barack Obama from the capital city of Washington D . It contains the ethnic group of African Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion ( preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair ) comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D. . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . The United States is led by Barack Obama , has a Native American ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C.1634 : The Galileo Affair preceded the U.S. written 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written after 1634 : The Galileo Affair and comes from the United State . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. , and Barack Obama is the president . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D. . Americans inhabit the U.S. , with a sub-group being the Asian Americans . The US is inhabited by Americans , including the ethnic group of Native American . The capital city is Washington DC and the President is Barack Obam . The country is also the origin of 1634 The Ram Rebellion . 1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United State . The capital of the country is Washington D.C. it ' s population known as Americans and the previous President was Barack Obam . The original ethnic group of the country is Native American . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in A Wizard of Mar . However , the book was published in the United States where the leader is the President and is home to many Asian Americans . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States and written in English which is also spoken in Great Britai . The United States has the ethnic group Asian Americans and the leader is known as the President . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States and is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many Asian Americans and the leader is called the President . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , a country with a president , many Asian Americans , and the English language ( also spoken in Great Britain ) . English is the language of the United States and is also spoken in Great Britai . There is an ethnic group called Asian Americans and the title of the leader is the Presiden . A good book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the U.S . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the population is known as Americans. 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country which has Washington DC as its capital city and is lead by the President . 1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United States , where the population are called Americans and the leader is called a " president. " The capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one ethnic group there . 1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United State . The leader of the country is known as a " President " and people are called " Americans. " The capital is Washington D.C. and one ethnic group there are African Americans . Barack Obama is the President of the United States where the capital city is Washington D. . African American is one of the ethnic groups and the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D. . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is President , and its capital city is Washington D. . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . Barack Obama ( title : President ) is the leader of the United States , where the capital is Washington D . The book 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the US , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . President Barack Obama leads the United States where the population includes the ethnic group of Native American . It has the capital of Washington DC and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the US , where Native Americans are an ethnic group , Washington DC is the capital and Barack Obama is the leader and President . The demonym for people living in the United States is Americans , African Americans are an ethnic group there and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was writte . The leader of the United States is known as the President and is currently Barack Obama . The United States are inhabited by Americans and the ethnic group of African Americans. 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country where President Barack Obama is the leader . President Barack Obama is the leader of the United State . The country is inhabited by Americans including many Asian Americans , and is where the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader , known as the president is Barack Obam . Americans inhabit the US and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . President Barack Obama leads the United States which is inhabited by American . These include the ethnic group of Native American . The country is the origin of the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion . Aarhus , Denmark is served by Aarhus airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S which is 25 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 10L / 28R and has a length of 2702.0 . The city of Aarhus in Denmark is served by an airport callled Aarhus Airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . Runway 10L / 28R is the longest runway there at a length of 2702 and is 25m above sea level . Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is elevated 25 metres above sea leve . The airport has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2702 metres long . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport located at 25 metres above sea level in Aarhus , Denmar . The airport runway , named 10R / 38L has a length of 2702.0 . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and serves the city of Aaarhus.The airport is situated 25 meters above sea level and its 2702.0 long runway is called 10R / 28L . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the German language is spoke . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark regio . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark , where German is the language spoken . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark regio . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark , where the language spoken is German . Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the German language is spoke . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , in the country of Denmar . It is part of the Central Denmark regio . German is the language spoken there and the country is led by Margrethe II if Denmark . Aarhus Airoprt is located in Tirstrup , Central Denmark , Denmark ( German speaking ) , led by Margrethe II of Denmark . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoke . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , Denmar . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and the country is lead by Lars Løkke Rasmusse . Greenlandic is spoken in that country . Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandi . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoke . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandi . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Region of Denmark.Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and Danish is the local language . The leader of Denmark is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen and in Denmark they speak the Faroese languag . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and Aarhus Airport is located there . The location of Aarhus Airort is Tirstrup , which is in Denmar . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark regio . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the language of the country is Faroese . Central Denmark is served by Aarhus Airport in Tirstru . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Ramussen and Margrethe II . Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , part of the central region of Denmark where the Danish is the language and Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader . Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is use . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is spoke . Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region is the location of Aarhus airport . Aarhus airport , which serves Aarhus in Denmark , is located 25 metres above sea level and is operated by the Aktieselkab organisatio . The runway name at Aarhus Airport is " 10R / 28L " and is 2776.0 long . Aarhus Airport , which serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark , has a runway length of 2 , 776 and is named 10R / 28 . Aktieselskab operates the airport which is 25 metres above sea level . The Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark and is operated by Aktielska . It is situated 25.0 meters above sea leve . The airport has a runway called 10R / 28L which is 2776.0 meters long . Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , the Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark and is 25 metres above the sea leve . The airport has a runway named 10L.28R which is 2776.0 metres in length . Aarhus Airport , which is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , serves the city of Aarhus , Denmar . The airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2 , 776 and is named 10L / 28R . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which is located 25 metres above sea leve . The runway name , which is 2776.0 in length , is 10R / 28L . Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10R / 28L which is 2776.0 metres long . The Aarhus , operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , is the airport of Aarhus , Denmar . It is 25.0 metres above sea leve . The runway , named 10R / 28L , is 2776.0 metres long . Aarhus Airport in Denmark has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2777.0 metres lon . The airport , which lies 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2777 metres long . Aarhus airport services the city of Aarhus , Denmark and operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A / . The airport is 25 meters above sea level and the 10L / 28R runway is 2777.0 in length . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport located in Aarhus , Denmar . It ' s runway length is 2777.0 and is 25.0 metres above sea level , the runway is named 10R / 28L . Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark , and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The airport is 25 meters above sea level , measuring 2777.0 in length , dubbed 10R / 28L . With a runway length of 1121.0 Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texa . Abilene , Texas is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States . Abilene , Jones county , Texas in the U.S. is served by the Abilene regional airpor . The runway is 1121m long . Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and serves the city of Abilene , Jones County , Texas , United States . Abilene , part of Taylor County , Texas is part of Texas and is served by Abilene regional airpor . The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 . With a runway length of 1121.0 , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States . Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States is served by the Abilene regional airpor . The runway length of the airport is 1 , 121 . Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas which is part of the U.S. in Taylor Count . The airport has a runway length of 2 , 194 . Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , part of Taylor County in Texas , United States and has a runway length of 2194.0 . Abilene Regional Airport which is part of Taylor County , Texas in the U.S.A. , serves the city of Abilen . It has a runway length of 2 , 194 . Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Taylor County , Texas in the United States and has a runway length of 2195.0 . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas which is part of the U.S.A. and is included in Taylor Count . The airport ' s runway length is 2 , 195 . Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is named 17L / 35 . The airport serves Abilene in Texas , has the ICAO location identifier of KABI and is 546 metres above sea level . Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport , which lies 546 metres above sea leve . The ICAO location identifier of the airport is KABI and the runaway named 17L / 35R has a length of 1 , 121 . Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea leve . The airport has the ICAO Location Identifier , KABI , as well as having the runway name 17R / 35 . One of the runways is 1121.0 metres long . The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas and is situated 546 meters above sea level and its ICAO location identifier is KAB . The name of the airport ' s runway is 17R / 35L and it is 1121.0 meters long . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Taylor county and also Jones county , Texas , US . The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 . The city of Abilene , in Texas , is served by Abilene Regional Airpor . The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway length of 2 , 19 . It also has the runway name 17L / 35R and the ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . Abilene Regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves Abilene in Texa . It has the ICAO location identifier of KABI. the runway length is 2195 and has the name 17L / 35R . Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport , which is located 546 meters above sea leve . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KAB . Abilene airport ' s runway - 17L / 35R - measures a length of 2195.0 . Adirondack Regional Airport; is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219. . Located in Harrietstown , New York , it serves both the city of Saranac Lake and city of Lake Placid , New York . Located in Harrietstown , New York , Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 21 . It serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , in New York . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lak . It is located in Harrietstown , New York and has a runway length of 1219.0 . Adirondack Regional Airport , located in Harrietstown , New York , serves Lake Placid , NY and Saranac Lake , N . The length of the runway at this airport is 2003.0 and it lies 507 metres above sea level . Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York and serves both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lak . The airport is 507 meters above sea level and the length of its runway is 2003.0 . ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain , is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Paracuellos de Jarama . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Paracuellos de Jarama is operated by ENAIRE and is found in Madrid , Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jaram . The airport is operated by ENAIRE , who are located in Madrid , Spai . Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is in Madrid , Spain and serves Madri . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is part of the community in Madrid , Spai . The airport is elevated 610 meters above sea level and it has a runway which measures 3 , 500 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE from the city of Madrid and is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the Madrid Community in Spain.The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , and operated by ENAIR . The runway , named 14L / 32R has a length of 3500 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The airport has an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and its 3 , 500 meters long runway is called 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is locaed in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.The airport has an elevation 610.0 meters above sea level and operated by ENAIR . The airport has a runway called 14R / 32L and is 3 , 500 long . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIR . The airport is 610m above sea level and the length of the runway is 3500m The runway is known as 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is run by ENAIRE and its runway is 4349 m long and the airport 610 m above sea leve . The airport ' s name is 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is operated by the ENAIRE organizatio . The airports ' s runway name is 18L / 36R and its length is 3500 . It is 610 m above sea level . ENAIRE are the operators of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The airport lies 610 metres above sea level , with a runway named 18L / 36R , which has a length of 3500.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIR . The runway , which is 3500 in length , is named 18L / 36R . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , and is 610 metres above sea leve . It has a runway named 18L / 36 R , stretching to 3500 in lengt . ENAIRE is the airports operation organisation . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is operated by ENAIR . The airport has an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea levle. 18R / 36L is the name of the runway and it measures a length of 3 , 500 . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in the state of Paraná , Brazi . Curitiba is part of the South Region and is led by the Democratic Labour party . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in Brazi . Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party , is found in the south region and is part of the state of Parana . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the Parana State which is the South Region of Brazi . Curitiba is led by the Brazilian Democratic Labour Party . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba ( part of Parana ) and is in Sao Jose dos Pinhai . Curitiba is part of the South Region , Brazi . The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraero . Curitiba , part of Parana state , is served by Afonso Pena International airpor . The airport is operated by Infraero and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , part of the south region of Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais serves Curitiba , which is part of Parana stat . São José dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , in the south region of Brazi . It is operated by Infraero and serves Curitiba in the State of Paraná . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia. the airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná located in the South Region of Brazil the country . The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero , which is located in Brasilia.The Airport serves Curitiba which is part of Parana State in the South Region of Brasil . Afonso Pena International Airport , located in São José dos Pinhais ( part of Parana ) , is operated by Infraero. the airport serves Curitiba , which is part of the South Region , Brazil . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazi . This airport is operated by Infraero and is located in São José dos Pinhais which is part of the state Paraná . In the state of Paraná , Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil and is where Afonso Pena International Airport is locate . The airport serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero.Sao Jose dos Pinhais belongs to the South Region in Brasil and the airport serves the city of Curitiba , Parana state . Afonso Pena International Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea leve . The runway at the airport is named 11 / 29 and is 1800 metres long . Afonso Pena International Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT , is located in São José dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea leve . The airport ' s runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 1800.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose Jos Pinhais. and has the ICAO location identifier SBC . The runway , which is 1800.0 in length , is named 15 / 33 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhai . Its ICAO ID location is SBCT and the runway name is 15 / 3 . The airport is 911 m above sea level and the runway is 1800 m long . The location of Afonso Pena International ( ICAO code SBCT ) airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhai . The runway 11 / 29 has a length of 2215m and is 911m a.s.l . Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway named 11 / 29 that is 2 , 215 in lengt . The airport ' s ICAO location identifier is SBCT . Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway name of 15 / 33 which has a length of 2215.0 . It is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and has the ICAO location identifier of SBCT . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and its ICAO identifier is SBC . The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level and has a 2 , 215 km long runway called 15 / 33 . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . It is the location of Agra airport which has the IATA location identifier of AGR . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its IATA I.D. is AG . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and is lead by Ram Naik . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . It is the location of Agra Airport at 167.94 metres above sea level . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Bundelkhand and Awad . The airport is 167.94 m above sea leve . The leader of Uttar Pardesh is Ram Naik . Agra Airport is in India and operated by Airports Authority of Indi . Its ICAO Location ID is VIA . The airport is 167.94 m above sea level and its runway 1818 m long . The length of the runway at Agra Airport in India , which lies 167.94 metres above sea level , is 1818. . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and it is operated by the Airports Authority of India . Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is in Indi . Two of the leaders of which are . . Thakur and Narendra Mod . The Indain Air Force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as their transport aircaft . In India , there are two prominent leaders , Narendra Modi and T S Thaku . Agra airport is one of India ' s Airport operated by the Indian Air Force. the Indian Air Force official carrier is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhan . Also in Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Airports Authority of India . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and run by the Airports Authority of Indi . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and Ram Naik is the leader there . Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIA . The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length . Agra Airport , in Uttar Pradesh , is operated by the Indian Air Force and lies 167.94 metres above sea leve . The runway has a length of 1818.0 and the airport ' s ICAO locationa identifier is VIAG . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and Awad . Its runway is 2743 m. lon . The leader in Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . The airport has a runway which measures 2743.0 and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is called Ram Naik . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Bundelkhand and Awadh ) and operated by the Indian Air Forc . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport plane found there . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is run by the Indian Air Forc . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in that Air Force . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and part of Bundelkhan . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force whose transport aircraft is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is the transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force which operates the Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Awadh ) , where the leader is Ram Naik . The Indian air force is the operating organisation of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh ( lead by Ram Naik ) which is part of Awad . They deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhan . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airpor . The airport is operated by the Indian air force who use the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Located in Agra , at 167.94 metres above sea level and operated by the Indian Air Force , is Agra Airpor . It has a runway with the length of 1818 , and has the location identifier , VIAG . Agra airport is located in Agra and operated by the Indian Air Forc . Its ICAO location id is VIAG and is 167.94 m above sea level and its runway is 1818 long . Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Forc . The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA , a runway name of 09L / 27R and a runway length of 3990.0 . Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of ORA . The airport ' s runway is named 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3 , 990 . The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbase in Ira . The airport has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992.88 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORA . The runway name at the airbase is 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3 , 992.88 . Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORA . The airport runway name is 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3992.88 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Ira . ORAA is the ICAO location identifier for the airbase.Al Asad airbase ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " and it is 3992.88 meters long . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is in Ira . The airbase has the ICAO Location Identifier , ORAA and has a runway length of 3992.8 . The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R / 27L . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq.The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and has a 3 , 992.88 meters long airway called 09R / 27L . Al Asad Airbase , In Iraq , is operated by the United States Air Forc . The airbase ' s ICAO location identifier is ORAA , the runway name is 09R / 27L and the runway length is 3992.88 . Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province of Iraq is operated by the United States Air Forc . The Airbase is 08 / 26 which is 3990.0 long , The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA . In Al Anbar Province , Iraq , there is an Airbase called Al Asad Airbas . It ' s ICAO location identifies is ORAA , and it is operated by the United States Air Forc . It is has a runway with a length of 3 , 990 . Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Ira . The Airbase ' s runway name is 09L / 27 . Its ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA and 3992.88 is the length of the runway . Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORA . The runway , which is named 09L / 27R has a length of 3992.88 . Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar province Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force , it ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " and has a length of 3992.8 . The location identifier of the airbase is ORAA . The United States Air Force , the entity that was involved in the Invasion of Panama , is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . The Lockheed AC 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers including the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the transport aircraft , the Lockheed C-130 Hercules . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were part of the battle of the Invasion of Panam . The USAF have many planes including : the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft , the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon fighter plane and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft . The United States Air Force , which fought in the Korean War , operates the Al Asad airbas . Among the USAF attack aircraft are the Lockheed AC-130 , which also serves as a transport plane , and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean Wa . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers , the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as a fighter . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in both the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedo . Two of the plane the U.S.A.F. has are the Lockheed AC-130 ( an attack aircraft ) and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules ( a transport aircraft ) . A transport aircraft for the U.S.A.F. is the Lockheed C-130 which is found on aircraft carrier . Al Asad airbase is operated by the U.S.A.F. and they were involved in the Korean war and the battle known as : - Operation Enduring Freedom . The United States Air Force has the Lockheed AC-130 , an attack aircraft , and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III , a transport aircraf . It also has the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon which is an aircraft fighte . The Operation , Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbase . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . That airbase has Lockheed AC-130 missiles , Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraf . The USAF fought in Operation Enduring Freedom battle . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedo . This Airforce has a number of aircraft , including aircarft fighter , the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and transport aircraft , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster I . Also the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC-130 attack air crafts.Among the air crafts of the USAF can be found the Boeing C-17 Globemaster and the McDonnell douglas F-15 Eagle.The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has several types of aircraft , including Boeing C-17 Globemaster III ( transport aircraft ) and the Lockheed AC-130 ( attack aircraft ) . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and in Operation Enduring Freedom . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF has fought in the Korean Wars and Operation Enduring Freedo . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft there and the Lockheed Ac-130 can be found on these aircrafts . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panam . They deploy the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as transport aircraft , and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panam . The Lockheed AC-130 Hercules is an attack aircraft at the base . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for " Al Asad airbase " and it has some transport aircrafts like the " Boeing C-17 Globemaster III " and aircraft fighters like " The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon " & " The Lockheed AC-130 " which is an attack aircraft. the Invasion of Grenada is One of the noted United States Air Force battles . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Lockheed AC-130 attack aircrafts.The USAF uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcons.The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , who battled in the Invasion of Grenad . Some of their planes include : The Lockheed AC-130 which is an attack aircraft , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III , a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon , which is a fighter plane . The United States Air force operates the Al Asad Airbas . The United States Air Force was involved in the battle of the Invasion of Grenad . The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on the USAF aircraft carrier . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport plane owned by the air force and they own the fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on its aircraft carriers.The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft while the McDonnell Douglas F-15 is an aircraft fighter used by the USAF.The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada . The USAF , which bombed Libya and invaded Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbas . USAF carriers transport the Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport planes . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the US bombing of Libya in 198 . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 and fought in the Invasion of Grenad . The Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are two aircrafts on that base . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The US Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War and uses AC-130 attack aircraft and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean wa . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean Wa . The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers such as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid , in Spain. the airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 3500 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spai . It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Alcobendas , Madrid Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , part of the Community of Madrid in Spai . The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobenda , is operated by ENAIR . Alcobenda is part of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , is located in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spai . ENAIRE is based in the city and is the operating organization for the airport . The Alderney Airport , which serves Alderney , has an elevation which is 88 metres above sea level and a runway , 03 / 21 , which is 497.0 metres lon . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae . Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea leve . It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 497.0 in length and is named 03 / 21 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway surface made of poacea . The runway name , which is 497.0 in length , is 08 / 26 . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is situated 88 meters above sea level.The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poacea . The airport ' s runway is called 08 / 26 and its length is 497.0 meters . Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 497.0 and 14 / 32 is the runway nam . In addition its 1st runway is made from Poaceae . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poacea . The runway , which is 497.0 in length , is named 14 / 32 . Alderney Airport , which is located 88 meters above sea level , serves Alderne . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and is known as 14 / 3 . It measures a length of 497.0 . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and situated 88 meters above sea level and its first runway is surfaced with asphalt.03 / 21 is the name of the airport ' s runway and it is 497.0 meters long . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderne . It is situated 88 meters above sea leve . The 1st runway has an asphalt surfac . It measures a length of 497.0 and is known as 03 / 21 . Alderney Airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is 88 metres above sea leve . Its airport runway is named 08 / 26 , has a length of 497 and is made of asphalt . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea leve . It ' s first runway is made of asphalt , is 497 long and uses the name 08 / 26 . Allama Iqbal International airport serves and is located in the city of Lahore , Pakista . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates the airport which has a runway named " 18L / 36R " that is 2900.0 long . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahor . The runway , which is 2900.0 in length , is named 18L / 36R . Governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . The airport ' s runway is named 18R / 36L and is 2900.0 in length . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore in Pakista . The runway , named 18R / 36L , is 2900 metres long . Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Authority , is located in Pakista . The name of the airport ' s runway is 18R / 36L and it is 3 , 310 long . Allama Igbal Internation airport is located in Lahore , Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The length of the runway is 3310m and known as 18R / 36L . Allama Iqbal International airport , located in Pakistan , is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The airport serves the city of Lahor . The runway - 18R / 36L - measures a length of 3310.0 . Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The airport serves the city of Lahore , has the runway name 18L / 36R , and has a runway that is 3360.12 long . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operate Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakista . It serves the city of Lahore and has the runway name 18L / 36R which is 2900.0 in length . Allama Iqbal International Airport , which has a runway name of 18L / 36R and length of 3 , 310 , is located in Punjab Pakista . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab , Pakistan and governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The airport runway length is 3310.0 and the runway name is 18L / 36R . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan which serves the city of Lahor . The airport has a runway named 18L / 36R which is 3310.0 in length . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan . Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahor . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport serving the city of Lahore and located in Punjab , Pakista . The country is lead by Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab in Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The leader in that country is Nawaz Shari . Lahore , Pakistan is served by this airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab Pakista . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahor . It is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is lead by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leade . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore , Punjab , Pakista . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located and serves the city of Lahor . The airport , located in Punjab , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahor . The airport is located in Punjab and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airpor . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , the location of which is Jinnah International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport and serves the city of Lahore.The Authority ' s location can be found at the Jinnah International Airport.Lahore is locaated in Pakistan whose leader is Mamnoon Hussain . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where the Allama Iqbal international Airport is located in Punja . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation authority . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punja . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punja . The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore.The Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the speaker of the Pakistan National Assembly . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakista . It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is in the Jinnah International Airpor . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan . Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in the United States , is the location of Alpena County Regional Airpor . The airport serves Alpena , Michigan , is 210 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 1 , 533 . Alpena County Regional Airport which serves the city of Alpena has a runway length of 1533.0 and is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States.The airport serves Alpena , Michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1.533 kilometer long runway . Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level at Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpen . The runway name is 1 / 19 and it has a length of 1533.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michiga . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1 / 19 with a length of 1533.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michiga . Its runway length is 1 , 533 and is named is 1 / 19 / . The airport is 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport city serves Alpena , Michigan in Wilson Township in the U. . The airport is 210 m above sea level and 1533 m long . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan , United States and serves Alpena , Michiga . The airport , which lies 210 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 1533.0 . Alpena County Regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . It serves the city of Alpena in the United States and is 2744 meters long . Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves the city of Alpena , is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U.S. . It ' s runway is 2 , 744 metres long and the facility is 210 metres above sea level . Located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea leve . The airport has the runway length 1 , 533 and 1 / 19 is the runway name . The Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan has a runway called 1 / 19 and its length is 1533. . The airport serves people in Alpena , Michigan and is 210 meters above sea level . Alpena Country Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level , in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . It;s runway , 1 / 19 , runs a length of 1533. . The airport serves the city of Alpena Michigan . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . The runway has the following details , length 1533m , 210m a.s.l. and is named 7 / 25 . Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves Alpena , is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . The airport has a runway named 7 / 25 , which is 1533 metres long and located 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michiga . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533. . Its runway name is 7 / 25 . 16 / 34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport which is is 973 metres above sea leve . It also has runway length of 1773.0 and is served by Andrews which is in Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973.0 below sea leve . It serves Andrews in Texas and has a runway length of 1773.0 and the runway is named 16 / 34 . The Andrews County Airport in Andrews , Texas has a runway named 16 / 34 that is the length of 1773 meter . The airport is 973 meters above sea level . Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews and is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea leve . It has a runway named 11 / 39 that is 8.0 in length . Andrews County Airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves Andrews in Texa . The runway length is 8.0 and its name is 11 / 29 . The runway at Andrews County Airport in Texas is named 16 / 34 and is 8.0 in lengt . The airport serves the city of Andrews in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level . Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas serves Andrews , Texa . It is situated 973.0 below sea leve . It runway - which is called 16 / 34 , measures 8 meters long . Serving Andrews and located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea leve . It has a runway length of 8.0 and 2 / 20 is the name of the runway . Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews , Texa . The runway is 8m long and is 973m above sea leve . The airport is known as 2 / 20 . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , 973 meters above sea level and serves the city of Andrews.The runway at Andrews County Airport is called Helipad and is 8 meters long . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital city is Austin , the English language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano . Andrews County Airport is found in Texas which is part of the U.S.A. and has Austin as its capita . English is spoken in the state and its people are known as Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texan . The language spoken in Texas is English and the capital city is Austin . The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States.The state ' s capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans.English is one of the spoken languages of Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United State . In Texas; of the languages spoken is Spanis . Austin is the capital , and a Tejano is a demonym term used . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , U. . The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano and Spanish is spoke . The capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the Spanish language is spoken , the capital city is Austin and the local inhabitants are known as Tejano . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , USA , the capital of Texas is Austin , people in Texas are called Texans and one of their languages is Spanish . The U.S.A. ' s Andrews County Airport is found in Texas where Austin is the capita . Spanish is spoken in the state where the people are known as Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Texa . Although Houston is the largest city , Austin , is the capita . Inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Tejano and Spanish is spoken . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is Housto . Tejano is the name given to citizens of Texas , where the state capital is Austin . Texas , in the United States , is the location of Andrews County Airpor . The demonym for the inhabitants of Texas is Tejano , the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin . The capitol of Texas ( United States ) is Austin but the largest city is Housto . The Andrews County Airport is also in Texa . The people who live there have the demonym of Tejano . Texas maintains the capital as Austin and is the home of Houston ( the largest city in TX. ) and the Andrews County Airpor . Tejanos are people of Texas . In Texas ( United States ) , the are called Texans and Austin is the capita . The largest city is Houston and Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the state capital is Austi . The citizens of Texas , United States are called Texans . Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austi . The citizens of Texas , United States , are called Texans . Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas in the U.S. . English is spoken in the state where Austin is the capital and the largest city is Houston . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U. . Austin is the capital of Texas whose largest city is Housto . English is spoken in that state . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U. . The capital of Texas is Austin and its largest city is Housto . English is spoken in that state . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin is the capita . Houston is largest city in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are known by the demonym Tejan . The language spoken in Texas is English , the largest city is Houston , and the capital is Austin . Andrews County airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city and the capital is Austi . The local inhabitants have the demonym of Texans and use the English language . Houston is the largest city in Texas but the capital is Austi . The state is the location of Andrews County Airport , uses the English language , and has inhabitants known as Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.The state ' s capital is Austin and its largest city is Houston.Texas ' inhabitants called Texans and english is one of the spoken languages there . Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which is located at 159 meters above sea level in Icolo e Beng . The runway , known as " south runway " is 3800.0 in length . Angola International Airport , which serves Luanda , lies 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Beng . The runway is named the South Runway and it is 3800 metres long . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Lunad . The runway 05L / 23R is 4000ft long and 159m a.s.l . The runway name of Angola International Airport , situated 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda , is 05L / 23R and is 4000 metres long . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , elevated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda.The airport ' s runway is called " South Runway " and is 4000 meters long . At 159 meters above sea level and serving the city of Luanda , Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , in the Luanda Province , Angola . Angola International airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , and serves the city of Luanda . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola.The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is of Luanda Province , in Angol . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 800 . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Angola in the Luanda Provinc . Its runway is 3800 m long and 159 m above sea level . Operated by the Flemish government an downed by the Flemish region , is Antwerp International Airpor . It serves the city of Antwerp , is 12 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 600.0 . Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp is owned by the Flemish Regio . Its operating organisation is the Flemish governmen . It is situated 12 meters above sea level and the length of the airport ' s ruway is 600.0 . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton ( part of Kimberly , Wisconsin ) and is located in Greenville , part of Dale , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International airport serving Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , which is part of Dale , Wisconsi . Appleton is also part of Kimberly in that state of Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsi . Appleton is part of Kimberly WI and Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsin , USA . Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsi . It is located 280 metres above sea level and the runway , which is 1982 in length , is named 12 / 30 . Appleton , Wisconsin is serves by Appleton International Airport which is in Greenville , Wisconsi . The airport is 280m above sea level , the length of the runway is 1982m and is known as runway 12 / 30 . Appleton International Airport; has an elevation of 280 metes above sea level , has a runway length of 1982.0 , and a 3 / 21 is the runway nam . It is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( Wisconsin ) . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves Appleton , Wisconsi . It is 280 m above sea level and its runway is 1982 m lon . The runway name is 3 / 21 . The Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is in Greenville , Wisconsi . It is elevated 280 meters above sea leve . The runway , which is named 3 / 21 , measures a lenght of 1982.0 . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleto . The length of the runway is 2439m and is elevated 280m above sea level . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and it serves the city of Appleto . The airport is elevated 280 meters above sea leve . It ' s runway is named 12 / 30 and it measures a length of 2 , 439 . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , U.S.A and serves Appleton , Wisconsi . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton.Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin and Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Clayton , Winnebago County in the United States.The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin , US . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin . Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville , part of Ellington and Kimberly , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is found in Greenville , Wisconsi . Greenville is part of Ellington in the state while Appleton is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton international Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton.Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin.Little Chute is part of Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin in the U.S. . Greenville is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Grand Chute . The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington , Wisconsin in the United States.The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport , located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , services Appleto . Appleton is part of Grand Chute Wiconsin ans Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , and serves the city of Appleton , both of which are in Wisconsi . Greenville is part of both Ellington and Clayton ( Winnebago County ) both of which are also in Wisconsin in the United States . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton Greeville , Ellington , Clayton Winnebago County Wisconsin in the United States . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin in the United States.The airport serves Appleto . Greenville is part of Ellington and Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin is a city in the United States served by Appleton International Airpor . The airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Dale and Ellington . Appletone International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is found in Greenville , Wisconsin in the U.S. . Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington . The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin.Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington , Wisconsin . Greenville , is in Grand Chute , Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States and is the location of Appletone International Airport which serves the city of Appleton . The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin.Greenville , Wisconsin can be found in Grand Chute , Wisconsin , U.S.A . Appleton International Airport is located in and serves the city of Appleton , Greenville , Grand Chute which is is part of Dale in the American state of Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport serves Appleton and is located in Greenville , Grand Chute , Dale in the American State of Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsi . Greenville is part of Grand Chute , WI and Dale , Wisconsin , USA . Greenville is part of Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin , United States. it is the home of The Appleton International Airport that serves Appleton city and it ' s environs . The city of Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airpor . The airport is located at Greenville , part of both Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International airport , which serves the city of Appleton ( Wisconsin ) , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , in the United State . Greenville is part of both Grand Chute and Menasha , both in Wiconsin . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin , United States.The airport serves Appleton , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Menasha , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Grand Chute and Menasha , Wisconsin , United States . operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand , Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poacea . It is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level , 03L / 21R is the runway name and the runway length is 518.0 . Ardmore airport ( New Zealand ) is located at 34 meters above sea level and operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealan . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and the runway name , which has a length of 518.0 , is 03L / 21R . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located 34 metres above sea leve . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae , and the runway name is 03L / 21R with a length of 518.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is located 34 metres above sea level with the 3rd runway being served with poacea . The runway is named 07 / 25 and has a length of 518.0 . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand which is 34 meters above sea leve . The airport has a runway name of 07 / 25 with a length of 518.0. and a 3rd runway with a surface made of poaceae . New Zealand ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poacea . This plant is in the class Monocotyledon , belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales and Commenilids.Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and classed in the Monocotyledon . Ardmore Airport ( New Zeland ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poacea . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants , its class is Monocotyledo . It is a member of the order of Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand are the operators of Ardmore Airport which is elevated 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The airport has a runway length of 1411 that is named 03L / 21R . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is elevated 34 metres above sea leve . The runway has the name 03L / 21R and a length of 1 , 41 . The third runway at this airport is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is situated 34 meters above sea leve . Its 3rd runway surface type is Poacea . The runway - 03L / 21R - measures a length of 1411.0 . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a third runway made of poaceas and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealan . It ' s runway length is 597 is named 03L / 21R and the facility is 34 metres above sea level . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway 03L / 21R is the 3rd runway with surface type Poacea . The runway length is 597.0 situated at 34 meters above sea level , it is controlled by The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand which is located 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The runway at the airport is named 03R / 21L and is 597.0 in length . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand operated Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) which is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The runway , which is named 03R / 21L , has a length of 597.0 . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organization for Ardmore Airport , New Zealan . Its runway name is 03R / 21L , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea leve . The 3rd runway there is made of Poaceae . Turkmenistan airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport which is located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgaba . The runway , which is named 12L / 30R has a length of 900.0 . Ashgabat International Airport , located in Ashgabat , is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . It is 211m above sea level and the length is 900 . The runway us known as 12L / 30R . Operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airpor . This airport is 211 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 900.0 and 12R / 30L is the runway name . Ashgabat International Airport runway 12R / 30L is 900.0 long and 211 metres above sea level. the airport is located in Ashgabat and managed by Turkmenistan Airlines . Ashgabat International Airport , located in Ashgabat , is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . The airport lies 211 metres above sea level and has the runway name 12R / 30L which has a length of 900.0 . Turkmenistan airlines operated Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgaba . It has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is 2989.0 in length . Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat which is located 211 metres above sea leve . The airport runway is 2989.0 metres in length and has the name 11 / 29 . Ashgabat International airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan airline . It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 11 / 29 which is 3800.0 in length . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is called Turkmenistan Airline . It ' s runway length is 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea leve . The runway is called 11 / 29 . Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgaba . The airport runway name is 12R / 30L and it is 3800.0 in length . Turkmenistan airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgaba . The airport runway has a length of 3800.0 and is named 12R / 30L , . Ashgabat International Airport is located Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800. . It has a runway named 12R / 30L . Turkmenistan airlines have their HQ in Turkmenistan and Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport , They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 900.0 . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters is in Ashgabat , Turkmenista . Its runway length is 900 . Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines , the Airport is also the hub for the Airlin . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat , Turkenista . The Airport has a runway length of 900.0 . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat , Turkmenista . Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway that is 900 meters long . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has a 900 meters long runway.The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and the hub airport of the airlines is the Turkmenbasi International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport , ( runway length : 900 metres ) , is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Turkmenista . The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport and their HQ is at Ashgabat . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greec . Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks . Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the demonym of the inhabitants is Greek . The city of Athens in the country is served by Athens International airport . Greece , where the local inhabitants are known as Greeks , is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . Athens is a city in Greece which is served by Athens International airport . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greec . The leaders of Greece are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . Greek is spoken in that country . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greec . Two leaders there are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . Greek is the language of Greece . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greec . Two of the leaders of which are , Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipr . The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greec . Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in that country where the people there are called Greeks . Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are the leaders of Greece where the demonym for the inhabitants is Greek . Athens , a Greek city , is served by Athens International airport . Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the demonym for the local people is Greek . The country is the location of Athens International Airport which serves the city of Athens . Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the inhabitants are given the demonym of Greek . The country is the location of the city known as Athens which is served by Athens International Airport . Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. serves Atlantic City in the U.S. . The city ' s leader is Don Guardian . The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , N.J. , U.S. and is located at Egg Harbor Townshi . Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City in New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , USA which is lead by Don Guardia . It is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United State . It serves Atlantic City , part of New Jersey which is lead by Don Guardian . In Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , U.S.A lies Atlantic City International Airpor . It serves the citizen of Atlantic city New Jersey , which is led by Don Guardian / . The headquarter of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in Four World Trade Center controls the Atlantic City International Airport at Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey , United State . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey. . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. who operate Atlantic City International Airpor . The airport is located Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . With headquarters in New York , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International airpor . The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township. in Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based in New York and is the operator of Atlantic City International airport , Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway ( 13 / 31 ) has a length of 1 , 873 . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . KACY is the ICAO location Identifier of the airport which has a runway length of 3048m and elevated 23m above sea leve . The name of the runway is 13 / 31 . Atlantic City International Airport , ICAO Location Identifier KACY , is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . It is 23.0 metres above sea leve . The runway , named 13 / 31 , is 3048.0 metres long . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium , where the leader is Charles Miche . The Flemish Government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish Region . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium , the leader of Belgium is Charles Miche . The Flemish government leads and has jurisdiction in the Flemish region . Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgium , is served by Antwerp International Airport.The Flemish government leads the Flemish region and the country ' s leaders is Charles Miche . The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwer . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium , where French is the spoken languag . The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is Belgiu . Two of the leaders of which , are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgiu . In Belgium , one of the languages is German . Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp in Belgiu . Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium , where German is the language spoken . Antwerp International Airport serves the popular tourist destination city of Antwer . French is the main language of Belgium where Charles Michel and Phillipe of Belgium are leaders . Antwerp , in the country of Belgium , is served by Antwerp International airpor . German is an official language spoken in Belgium and the leaders of the country are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium . Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium where the Dutch language is spoke . The city of Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium.Phillipe of Belgium is the king of the country and Charles Michel is a leader.Dutch is one of the official language of Belgium . The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium , but the Flemish government both leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish Regio . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination and is served by Antwerp International Airport . Led by the Flemish government , the Flemish region is in the country of Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leade . Also in Belgium is Antwerp , which is served by Antwerp International airport . The Flemish Government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish regio . The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader and the city of Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium which is led by Philipp . The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government in Belgium is the Flemish Region . Atlantic City International Airport is located at 23 metres above sea level in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport , which lies 23 metres above sea level , is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United State . The Egg Harbor Township is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is located 75 feet above sea level in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport has a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concret . It is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , which is in New Jersey , in the United State . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , the headquarters of which are at the Four World Trade Center . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which operates Atlantic City International Airpor . The airportis in Egg Harbor Township , part of New Jersey , in the United States . Based in New York , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airpor . This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with their HQ in New Yor . The airport is located located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey U.S . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ' s headquartered in New York operate the Atlantic City International Airpor . The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey which is part of the U.S.A . Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States , and is where Atlantic City International Airport is locate . This airport has a runway length of 3048.0 . Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length of 3048.0 is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County in the U.S. . Its runway name is 13 / 31 . 4 / 22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , ( part of Atlantic County ) , in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4 / 22 and is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( part of Atlantic County ) , in the United States . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( part of Atlantic county ) , in the United States , is where Atlantic City International Airport is locate . It has the runway name 4 / 22 . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States and it is served by Adirondack Regional Airpor . This airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) , New York . Saranac Lake and Harrietsown , are parts of New York which is located in the United State . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake and Lake Plaid , N.Y . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand , the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the " HAL Light Combat Helicopter " and a " Boeing C-17 Globemaster III " as a transport aircraft . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelhand and is operated by the Indian Air Forc . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is owned by the Indian Air Force along with the transport plane the Boeing C-1 Globemaster III . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and the location of Agra Airpor . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter . Agra Airport is found in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader and is part of Awad . The Indian Air Force operates the airport and the HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a helicopter used by the air force . Al-Taqaddum Air base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . Haider al-Abadi is the prime minister of the country and the president is called Fuad Masum ( a kurdish politician ) .Kurdish is one of the spoken languages of Iraq . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq , where there are leaders called Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . Haider al-Abadi is the prime minister and Fuad Masum is the president of Iraq.The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq.Iraq is led by President Fuad Masum and Prime minister Haider al-Abadi.The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar . Haider al-Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq , where the currency is the Iraqi dinar and where the Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Ira . Fuad Masum is another leader in the country . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are two leaders in Iraq where the official language is Arabic . Fallujah , Iraq is served by an airbase called Al-Taqaddu . Iraq is led by Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum and the official language of the country is Arabic . The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain , is 3500.0 . The airport is 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , which is part of the Community of Madrid , in Spai . The airport has a runway length of 3 , 500 and is located 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE , a company located in Madrid , which is part of the Community of Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by the Madrid based company ENAIR . Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid . Madrid ( Spain ) which is part of the community of Madrid , is where ENAIRE is locate . ENAIRE operates Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is in Alcobendas . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . ENAIRE is found in Madrid , Spain . Madrid is part of the community of Madrid in Spai . ENAIRE is in Alcobendas , Madrid and operates the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport . ENAIRE , located in Madrid , is the operating organisation of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Madrid ( part of the community of Madrid ) Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The airport is operated by ENAIR . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid , which is part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport , located in : Madrid ( Spain ) , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes , is operated by ENAIRE which is in Madrid , Spain . Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain and is the location of the company ENAIRE who are the operators of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastián de los Reyes . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is member of the Poales order.Poaceae belongs to the Commelinid order , within the flowering plants and classed as Monocotyledon . Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealan . Poaceae is a flowering plant belonging to the class Monocotyledon and to the order of Poales and Commelinids . Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealan . Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order Poales and Commelinds . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid in Spai . It has a runway length of 3500.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in the community of Madrid in Spai . Its airport is 610 m above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long . ENAIRE in the city of Madrid is the operator of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid in Spain . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , NY and Saranac Lake , NY , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United States . Saranac Lake , New York is located in the United States and is a part of Harrietstown , New Yor . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake in New York . Saranac Lake is found in Harrietstown , New Yor . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake and Lake Placid city of New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid , New York in the United States.aranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , Essex County , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) New York , United States . Adirondack Regional Airport in the US serves Lake Placid , Essex County New York , and also Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , Essex County , New York and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States ) . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , and Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York in the U.S . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York and also Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown in New York , United States . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is from the U. . He graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B. . He worked as a test pilot and for NASA in 196 . He spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired . Alan Bean is an American and was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT at Austin in 1955 with a B. . He worked as a test pilot and was chosen to work for NASA in 196 . Bean spent 100305 minutes in space , and he has since retired . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. and performed as a test pilo . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and was in space 100305 minute . He is retired now . Alan Bean is a US national , who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He received a B.S. degree from UT at Austin in 195 . He performed as a test pilot , He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 1 . He retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated with a BS from UT Austin in 1955 and became a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as crew on Apollo 1 . He retired in June 1981 . Retired American test pilot Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas was a member of the Apollo 12 crew who spent 100305 minutes in spac . His Alma Mater is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS and became a test pilo . He spent a total of 100305 minutes in space whilst serving as a crew member on Apollo 1 . He Has now retired . The American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , and attended the UT Austin , gaining a BS in 195 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space as a crew member of Apollo 12 . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . He was hired by NASA in 1963 as a test pilo . Alan was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 spending in space 100305 minutes . Alan Bean was an American test pilot who was a member of the Apollo 12 cre . He was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texas and attended UT Austin , B.S. 195 . He retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 193 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. degree , He was a test pilot , who was on the crew of Apollo 1 . He retired in June 1981 . American Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 , and worked as a test pilo . He was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission before his retirement in June 1981 . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and is America . He received a BSc. from U of Texas at Austin in 195 . Anders was a test pilot and began working for NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean , a US National , was born in Wheeler Texas on 15 March 193 . He graduated from UT Austin with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1955 and became a test pilot before being chosen by NASA in 1963 to become a crew member on Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , a US national was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated in 1955 with a BS from UT Austin , before becoming a test pilo . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served on the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and is America . He worked as a test pilot before joining NASA in 196 . He spent over 69 days in space , or 100305 minute . Bean is retired . Alan Bean who is American was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15th 193 . He served as a test pilot on Apollo 12 before retiring in June in 1981 . Alan Bean is a United States test pilo . He was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . Alan Bean retired after spending 100305 minutes in space , he was also a crew member of Apollo 12 . American Alan Bean was a teat pilot who was born March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . In 1963 NASA asked him to join the Apollo 12 program where he later spent 100 , 305 minutes in space . Alan Bean is a US national who was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He spent a total of 100305 minutes in space as a crew member on the Apollo 12 mission after being selected by NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texa . He was on the Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA after receiving a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 195 . Alan is now retired . Alan Bean is a US national , who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He received a B.S. degree at UT at Austin in 195 . He was a test pilot and crewed the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He is now retired . Alan Bean , a US National , was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 193 . He became a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born in the U.S. on March 15th in 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1963 , and served as a test pilot on Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texa . He graduated from UT Austin with a BSc. in 195 . Bean worked as a test pilot and was part of Apollo 12 , which was run by NAS . He is retired . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 193 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . He is a retired test pilot , who was on the crew of the NASA-operated Apollo 12 . Alan Been was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texa . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S and became a Test Pilo . He was part of the Apollo 12 crew for NASA and is now retired . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and received a BSc in 195 . Bean was a test pilot and a part of Apollo 12 , which was run by NASA and where David Scott was the commander . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a BS . He was a test pilot and also a crew member of Apollo 12 which was run by NAS . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on March 15 , 193 . In 1955 he received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austi . Alan Bean served as a test pilot , later he became a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission , operated by NAS . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott . Alan Shepard was American born in New Hampshire , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard which is is higher than the department of commerce gold meda . Alan Shepard died on 1998-07-21 in California . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and attended NWC , graduating with an MA in 195 . The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which , in the Navy , is higher than the department of commerce gold meda . He died on the 21st of July 1998 in California . Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in Californi . Born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire , he attended NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . Before retiring on 1 August 1974 he had been awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal . Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in Californi . Born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 he later graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . He retired on 1 August 1974 having been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 192 . Shepard graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . He was remembered by being awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Nav . He retired Aug 1 , 197 . He later died in California on July 21st , 1998 . Alan Shephard was a US national , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 / He served as a test pilot and was hired by NASA in 195 . He died in California . Alan Shepard is an American , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 195 . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He worked as a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which is higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Meda . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He was a test pilot , who graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He retired on the 1st August 1974 and he died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born in New Hampshire and attended NWC , graduating in 1957 with an M . He served as a test pilot and prior to retiring on 1 August 1974 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , an award higher than the Department of Commerce medal . Alan Shepard is an American , was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , America and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 195 . He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which is higher that the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , being the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and graduated from NWC , M.A. in 195 . He was a test pilo . Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Nav . The Distinguished service medal from the Navy is higher than the department of commerce gold meda . Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California . Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshir . He attend NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . He was a member of Apollo 1 . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California . Alan Shepard is an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. and was a crew member of Apollo 1 . Shepard retired 1974-08-01 and later died in California . Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 195 . Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 and retired on Aug 1 , 197 . He later died in California . Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he served as a crew member of Apollo 1 . He died in California on the 21st July 1998 . Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in Californi . He was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . In 1959 he was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member aboard Apollo 14 . American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was hired by NASA in 1959 to be part of the Apollo 14 progra . He was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was an American born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 195 . He served as a test pilot. and in 1959 was hired by NASA as a crew member on Apollo 14 . Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . He was a test pilot on board the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He retired on the 1st August , 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . He became a test pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He retired on 1 August 1974 . Alan Shepard ( born on November 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meta . Alan Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard is a United States citizen who was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 192 . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 195 . He died in California on 21 July 1998 . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , US . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He was a member of Apollo 1 . Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard is an American who served as an Apollo 14 crew membe . He was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 , graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 , and died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . A United States national , he was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA and became a crew member aboard Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , United State . Alan graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and went onto be a test pilot on Apollo 1 . Alan later died in California . Alan Shepard was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshir . He was a member of the crew of Apollo 1 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He retired on the 1st August 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and served as crew on the Apollo 14 missio . Prior to his retirement on 1 August 1974 he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and he performed as a test pilo . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 , which was commanded by David Scot . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was hired by NASA in 1963 performed as a test pilo . He served as a crew member of Apollo 12 , that is operated by NAS . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot . Alan Bean ( born on the 15th of March 1932 ) was a member of the Apollo 12 crew as a test pilo . David Scott commanded the Apollo 12 which Alfred Worden was the backup pilo . Alan bean is now retired . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 ( commanded by David Scott ) with Alan Bean as a test pilot and crew membe . Alan Bean who was born on March 15 , 1932 is now retired from Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA . Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 193 . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NAS . He performed as a test , but is now retire . David Scott was the Commander of Apollo 12 , and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B. . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a test pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 missio . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 and David Scott was its commander . The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B.S. 195 . He performed as a test pilot. , was hired by NASA in 1963 as the crew of Apollo 1 . The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA , backup piloted by Alfred Worden with David Scott as the commander . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He is now retire . The back up pilot of Apollo 12 was Alfred Worden , and the commander was David Scott . Alan Bean , who has now retired , was born in Wheeler Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degre . He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with commander David Scott and backup pilot Alfred Worden . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on March 15th 193 . He was hired by NASA in 1963 and served on the NASA-operated Apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 193 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 1 . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 and David Scott was the commander . Alan Bean was born on March 15th in 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . Bean was hired by NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NAS . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 , while Alfred Worden was a backup pilot for Apollo 12 . Buzz Aldrein ( aka Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. ) was born on the 20th January , 193 . He graduated from MIT with a S . D in 196 . He was selected by NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 cre . He has retired . Buzz Aldrin ( aka Edwin . Aldrin , Jr ) was born on January 20th , 193 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . He served as a fighter pilo . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became part of the Apollo 11 cre . H is now retired . Buzz Aldrin , also called Edwin . Aldrin Jr. , was born on January 20 , 193 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilo . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired . Edwin . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , is an American born on Jan 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT in 1962 with a doctorate in Scienc . He began working for NASA in 1963 and was part of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin also known as Edwin . Aldrin Jr was an American born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 196 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 11 . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , His real name was Edwin . Aldrin , J . Buzz graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , then was selected to work for NASA in 1963 performed as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Edwin . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was born on Jan 20 , 1938 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 1 . He is now retired . Edwin E Aldrin Jr ( more usually known as Buzz ) , has retire . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 193 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a ScD and became a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . His real name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and he is America . Aldrin graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He worked as a fighter pilot and has since retired . Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz Aldrin has now retire . He is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey.He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a ScD and became a fighter pilot . Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz , has now retire . He is an American born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He obtained a doctorate in Science from MIT in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on Jan 20 , 193 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 , where he spent 52 minutes in spac . Aldrin is now retired . Buzz Aldrin was an American , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 193 . He was a retired fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 cre . He spent 52 minutes in space . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in 1930-01-2 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 and spent a total of 52.0 minutes in spac . He has retired now . Buzz Aldrin was born January 30 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . His occupation was a fighter pilot , was a crew member of Apollo 11 , he ' s a US national and is now retired . American Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was a fighter pilot who helped crew Apollo 1 . He was born on January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a S . D. in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin , a United States national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 / 01 / 193 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. , then served as a Fighter pilot and later was a member of the Apollo 11 cre . Buzz Aldrin is now retired . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc. . He was selected by NASA in 1963 , was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 , spending 52 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey. graduated from MIT with a S . D in 1963 , which was the same year that he was hired by NAS . Buzz served as a Fighter pilot , and was also a crew member of Apollo 1 . He was in space for 52 minutes . Buzz Aldrin was an American-born fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 1963 , and was hired by NASA that same yea . He was was a member of the Apollo 11 crew who spent a total of 52 minutes in space . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 193 . During his lifetime he won 20 awards , was picked by NASA in 1963 to crew Apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated from MIT with a Doctorate in Science . US national Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated with a Sc.D from MIT in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same yea . He served as a crew member of Apollo 11 and received 20 awards during his service . Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 193 . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 and was chosen by NASA in the same year to serve as a crew member of Apollo 1 . During his career he was the recipient of 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin was born January 30th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of of Technology with a Sc.D in 196 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA and was a United States national and had 20 awards . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 193 . In 1963 he graduated from MIT with a S . D.. was chosen to crew Apollo 11 by NASA and had 20 awards to his credit . Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on 20 January 193 . He obtained an ScD from MIT in 19963 and served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He was the recipient of 20 awards during his career . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20th January 193 . He graduated from MIT with a S . D in 196 . He served as a Fighter Pilot under the Apollo 11 program organized by NASA . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on January 20 , 1930.He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc. . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , that was operated by NASA . In 1963 Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a S . D. and that same year NASA picked him to crew Apollo 1 . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 and was a fighter pilot before heading into space . Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with an ScD and was selected that year by NAS . He served as a fighter pilot and as crew member on Apollo 11 . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 , after that he was hired by NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilo . He was member of the Apollo 11 crew , that was a program organized by NASA . Buzz Aldrin war born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , who was a member of the Apollo 11 cre . His nationality is US and NASA selected him in 196 . He was performed as a fighter pilot and graduated from Massachusetts Institude of Technology , Sc.D , 1963 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge in New Jersey in 193 . Buzz was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 , where the backup pilot was William Ander . Buzz Aldrin has since retired . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He became a crew member of Apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space as a fighter pilot on Nasa ' s progra . Buzz is now retired . Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He was a fighter pilot and then became a crew member of the Apollo 11 mission organised by NAS . He has now retired . Buzz Aldrin is now retire . A US national he was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and became a fighter pilo . In 1963 he was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11 . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a Fighter pilo . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , that was operated by NASA. he is retired now . Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January in 1930 and graduated from MIT with a S . D in 196 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he served as a Fighter Pilot and a crew member on Apollo 1 . He has since retired . Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was picked by NASA in 1963 to help crew Apollo 1 . Aldrin was born January 20th , 1930 , graduated from MIT with a S . D. in 1963 and is now retired . Alan Shephard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He did in Californi . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in Californi . Benitoite is a gemstone found in the same state . Alan Shepard has died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and you can find the gemstone Beintoit . He served aboard the NASA operated Apollo 14 as a crew member and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy - an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal . Elliot See was born on July 23rd 1927 in Dallas and is a United States Nationa . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 196 . Elliot died on 28th February in 1966 . Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and began working for NASA in 196 . See died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . He was a US national who was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died in St.Louis on 1966-02-28 . Elliot was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot served as a test pilot before passing away on the 28th of february in 1966 . Test pilot Elliot See was born on the 23rd of July , 1927 in Dallas , US . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot See passed away in S . Louis , on the 28th of February , 1966 . Elliot See , who is from the United States , was born in Dallas , on July 23rd , 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , and later performed as a test pilo . Elliot See died in S . Louis on February 28th in 1966 . Elliot See was born in Dallas and went to the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot was selected by NASA in 1962 and served as a test pilot before passing away in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which competed in the Big 12 conference in Austi . He became a test pilot and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. . Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 196 . He was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . He later became a test pilot . Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dalla . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 conferenc . Elliot performed as a test pilot and died in St Louis . Elliot See , a US national , has died in St Loui . Born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas he graduated from the University of Texas at Austin ( a competitor in the Big 12 Conference at Austin ) and became a test pilot . Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 and is a United States nationa . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and later became a test pilot and joined NASA in 196 . He died on 28 February 1966 . Elliot See is a United States national born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austi . He died on February 28 , 1966 in S . Louis. . Elliot See ( born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas and die on February 28 , 1966 in St Louis ) was an American who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was born in America in the city of Dallas on the 23rd day of July in 192 . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . See died in S . Louis on the 28th of February in 1966 . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dalla . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , after that was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died on the 28th of February 1966 and is deceased . American test pilot Elliot See studied at the University of Texas in Austi . He was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 and died in S . Louis . American Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and then served as a test pilo . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 where she flew as a test pilo . Elliot died in S . Louis . Elliot See has died in St Loui . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 192 . After attending the University of Texas at Austin he became a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See was an American born in Dalla . He was a student at the U of Texas in Austi . He worked as a test pilot and joined NASA in 196 . See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dalla . He attended the UT at Austin and performed as a test pilo . He was selected by NASA in 1062 and he died in S . Louis . Elliot See was an American who attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas syste . He was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 and died in St Louis on 1966-02-28 . American Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . He studied at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas syste . He died on the 28th of February 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system and the big 12 Conferenc . He has since passed away . Elliot See was an American who was born in Dallas on July 23 , 192 . See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas syste . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . Elliot See is dead , but the date of his death was not noted . Elliot See was born in Dallas and went onto be a student at University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas syste . The University is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and is an America . Elliot attended the University of Texas at Austin which will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot died in St Louis . Elliot See was born an American in Dallas , Texa . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of of Texas syste . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas syste . See was a test pilo . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas syste . He was a test pilo . See passed away on Feb. 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot see was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin , which is a part of the U of Texas system and part of the big 12 conferenc . He worked as a test pilot , and died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the U of Texas system and is part of the big 12 conferenc . See worked as a test pilot and passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July , 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See was a test pilot , who died in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . H was a test pilot , who died in S . Louis on February 28th , 1966 . Elliot See was born in Dallas and he was a student at the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He was a test pilot , who died in S . Louis on February 28th 1966 . Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dalla . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He was a test pilot who died in S . Louis . United States national Elliot See was born in Dalla . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , an affiliation of the university of Texas system , and later served as a test pilo . He passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See has died in St Loui . Born in Dallas he was a US national and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated the the University of Texas syste . He then became a test pilot , . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texa . He attend the U of T at Austin , which is part of the U of T system and the big 12 conferenc . Their mascot is named Hook ' em and the president of the school is Gregory . Fenves . Elliot See was born in Dallas county , Texas and attended UT at Austin ( which is affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . Gregory . Fenves is the President of UT , which competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . Hook ' em is the mascot for the UT . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in the U . He was a test pilot and began working for NASA in 196 . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See ( born on July 23 , 1927 and died on February 28 , 1966 in S . Louis ) was an American and performed as a test pilot selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See has died in St Louis on 28 February 196 . A US national , he was born in Dallas and became a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 . The three members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 were Frank Borman , backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and William Ander . Anders was born October 17th , 1933 and retired more than 60 years later on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was born 1933-10-17 and retired in 1969-09-0 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by Nasa with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman as a crew member . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) retired as a fighter pilot on September 1 , 196 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA and commanded by Frank Borma . The backup pilot of Apollo 8 was Buzz Aldrin . William Anders , Buzz Aldrin , and Frank Borman all worked for NASA , and they were all members of the Apollo 8 team , which is operated by NAS . William , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a test pilo . William retired on September 1 , 196 . Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilo . William Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander . William Anders received a M.S. from his Alma Mater , AFIT in 1962 after being a fighter pilot on Apollo . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission with Frank Borman as a crewma . William retired on Sept 1st 1969 . William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M. . Anders was a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 , where he was a member of Apollo . He retired on Sept 1 , 1969 . William Anders was a fighter pilot born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and joined NASA in 196 . He was also part of Apollo . Anders retired on Sept 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and after joing NASA in 1963 as part of the Apollo 8 crew , he retired on September 1st , 196 . Anders was a test pilot who in 1962 graduated with a M.S. from AFIT . William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong but is from the U . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M. . He was a fighter pilot and began working with NASA in 196 . Anders retired on Sept 1 , 1969 . William Anders is a US national , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 193 . He received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFI . H was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 and retired on the 1st September , 1969 . William Anders was a US citizen who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 193 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MA and became a fighter pilot before joining NASA in 196 . He retired on 1 September 1969 . William Anders was born in October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kon . William was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a figter pilot for the Apollo 8 cre . He later retired in 1969 . William Anders was a US National born in British Hong Kong in 193 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he crewed Apollo 8 as a Fighter pilo . He retired in 1969 . William Anders is from the U . He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 193 . He was selected by NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot , who retired on September 1st 1969 . American William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 in British Hong Kon . He joined NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and retired on September 1 , 1969 . Retired William Anders , a US national , was born in British Hong Kong on 17 / 10 / 193 . He was a Fighter pilot and joined NASA in 196 . William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 . William Anders has retire . He was born 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT with an MS in 196 . He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 . William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in Brithish Hong Kon . He graduated , with a M.S. , from AFIT in 1963 and was chosen by NASA in 1936 as a Fighter pilo . He retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 193 . He graduated with an M.S. from AFIT in 1962 and was selected by NASA in 1963 serving as a fighter pilot before his retirement on the 9th of september 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th October 193 . He was a fighter pilot , who was chosen by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 196 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo . He retired on September 1st in 1969 . William Anders ( now retired ) was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M. . He was a test pilot , chosen by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo . He retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . In 1962 , William Anders received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFIT , and he joined NASA in 196 . He was a test pilot for Apollo . He retired on September 1st in 1969 . Although William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 he is an American citize . He graduated , with an M.S. , from AFIT in 1962and became a test pilot before being a member of Apollo . He has now retired . William Anders is now retire . He is a US national who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kon . After graduating from AFIT with an MS in 1962 he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as fighter pilot on Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilo . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a Fighter pilot crew member on Apollo 8 , where Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilo . Frank Borman was a crewman aboard Apollo 8 operated by NASA . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . He is a retired fighter pilot who served on the NASA operated Apollo . Frank Borman was also a crew member of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot . Crew members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 included William Anders and Frank Borman with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilo . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 and was selected by NASA in 1963 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M. . He joined NASA in 1963 and was a member of the crew of NASA operated Apollo 8 , which also included Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin ( back up pilot ) . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. , and was selected by NASA in 196 . He became a member of Apollo 8 ' s cre . Apollo 8 was operated by NAS . The backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission was Frank Aldrin . William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong but was an America . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M. . He worked as a fighter pilot and was hired by NASA in 196 . He is now retired . William Anders was born October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kong , and now has United States nationalit . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. , before going on to join NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and is now retired . William Anders has retire . He is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 193 . He graduated from AFIT , MS in 1962 and served as a fighter pilo . In 1963 he was selected by NASA . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , Indi . It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . The leader of Kerala is Koch . The Ganges is a river in India . The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the state lies southeast of Mahe in Indi . It is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala and has an academic staff of 250 . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , Indi . It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and it has Mahe , India to its northwest . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was created in 2001 and has 250 employee . The college is found in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwes . The country is led by Kochi . India is the location of the River Ganges and the state of Kerala which is northwest of Mahe India and is lead by Koch . The city of Kuttikkattoor in Kerala is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff . The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttittattoor , Kerala , Indi . The AWH Engineering College has 250 academic staf . The leader of Kerala is Koch . The Ganges is a river in India . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Bott . It has 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was created in 1996 , has 600 students and its dean is Mario Bott . Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisi . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ( dean Mario Botta ) is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 10 . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the country ' s leader and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisi . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 , and it has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Bott . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Switzerland is known for it ' s leader , Johann Schneider-Ammann but it is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisi . It currently has 600 students and 100 members of staff and Mario Botta as dean . Switzerland has a Federal Chancellor as its leader and is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticin . The current Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerlan . It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Bott . It was established in 199 . The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio |in Mendrisio , Switzerland is located in Ticin . It was created in 1996 , has 600 students and its dean is Mario Bott . The country is led by a Federal Chancellor . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was created in 1996 and has 600 student . The federal chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the national anthem is Swiss Psalm . Established in 1996 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 student . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Ammann and the national anthem is the Swiss Palm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerlan . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996 . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland is located in Ticin . Its was created in 1996 , has 600 students and 100 employees and its dean is Mario Botta . Established in 1996 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland has a staff of 100 and 600 student . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff member . Switzerland is led by Johann Schneider Ammann , the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticin . The Accademia has 600 students and was established in 1996 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has 600 student . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader and Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . Switzerland ' s national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann with a legislature known as the Federal Assembly of Switzerlan . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is Merid . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The legislature of Switzerland is the Federal Assembly . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school was given its Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . Bangalore , which was founded by Kempe Gowda , is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west . Karnataka state which is positioned with the Arabian Sea to it ' s west is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology , which is located in the city of Bangalore and was founded by Kempe Gowd . The institute has recently been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumba . The Acharya Institute of Technology also has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Visvesvaraya Technological University affiliated Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its wes . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka state is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgiu . It was given its Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telagana to its northeast . The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana , and east of the Arabian Se . The Acharya Institute of Technology , located within Karnataka , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , which is located in the city of Belgau . The Acharya Institute of Technology was granted the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai . In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , Indi . The current campus address is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 , Indi . Its director is D . G. . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 in the state of Karnatak . Its director is D . . . Prabhukumar and it was created in 2000 . The location of the campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , India is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Institute , which has 700 postgraduate students , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 56009 . Its director is Dr G. . Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school is in the state of Karnataka and has 700 post graduate student . Its director is D . . . Prabhukumar and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Institute was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka , India and has the motto " Nurturing Excellenc . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 56009 . It was established in 2000 and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalor , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school can be found in the state of Karnataka and was created in 200 . It uses the phrase Nurturing Excellence as its motto and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , Indi . The Institute which was established in the year 2000 has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , India , 56009 . The Institute was established in 2000; it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school ' s president is . . Reddy , its director is D . . . Prabhukumar and its has 700 post graduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore , Indi . The president of Institute is B. . Reddy and the director is D . . . Prabhukuma . There are 700 Postgraduate Students and the Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India , and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . There have been 700 postgraduate students since it was established in 200 . The President of the school is B. . Reddy , and the Director is D . . . Prabhukumar . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was created in 2000 and has 700 post graduate student . Its president is . . Reddy and its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 , Indi . It was established in 2000 , with B. . Reddy as its president and D . . . Prabhukumar as director , and 700 postgraduate students are in attendance . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , in the state of Karnataka in Indi . Its director is D . G. . Prabhukumar and its president is B. . Redd . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , Indi . Established in 2000 , and affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the current President is B. . Reddy , and the Director , D . . . Prabhukumar . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technolog . The current President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate student . The Institute was established in India in the year 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 56009 . It was established in2000 and its president is B. . Redd . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 200 . The school ' s president is . . Reddy and it has 700 post graduate student . The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in the year 2000 is located in the city of Bangalore , state of Karnataka , Indi . There are 700 postgraduate students and the President is B M Redd . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , which is located in Karnataka , Indi . It was established in the year 200 . Its president is . . Redd . It has 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology , whose president is " B. . Reddy " , locates in Bangalore , Karnataka , Indi . It was established in 2000 with current number of Posgraduayed students of 700 with affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology ( president B M Reddy ) was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate student . The campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karataka , Indi . The President of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 56009 . It was established in 2000 , it ' s president is B. . Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , the city that was established by Kempe Gowd . The Institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education ( which is located in Mumbai ) . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the campus is tennis , which has as its governing body The International Tennis Federation . The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowd . One of the sports offered at the Institute which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , is tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as it ' s governing body . Acharaya Instutute of Technology , founder Kempe Gowda , in Bangalore , was given Technical Campus status by the all India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . The institute offers Tennis under the International Tennis federation and is affiliated to thge Visvesvaraya technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnatak . It was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeas . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it is affiliated to the European University Association ( HQ in Brussels ) . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmusse . Aarhu has Mols to its northeast . Denmark ' s leader is known as the the Monarchy of Denmark who is Lars Lokke Rasmusse . This country is also home to the city of Aarhus which is positioned with Mols to it ' s northeas . Aarhus is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which has strong connections with the European University Association based in Brussels . The religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark and the country is lead by Lars Lokke Rasummse . The city of Aarhus which is located southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universit . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association with its headquarters in Brussel . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion is the Church of Denmar . Aarhus has Mols to its northeast . Mols is a city that sits northeast of Aarhus , Denmark , where the School of Business and Social Sciences is located , at the Aarhus Universit . It is associated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussel . The leader of of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion , the Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark which is led by Lars Løkke Rasmusse . The country has a monarchy and its government is a magistrat . To the northeast of Aarhus is Mols . The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala , Indi . It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . The largest city in the country of India is Mumba . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwes . The school was created in 2001 and it has 250 employee . India ' s largest city is Mumbai . The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , Indi . It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwes . The leader of Kerala is Koch . The largest city in the country of India is Mumbai . The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala , Indi . There are 250 academic staff in the colleg . Kerala ' s leader is call Kochi and Mahe is northwest of stat . Mumbai is the largest city in India . The River Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai and the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Keral . Kerala is lead by Kochi and the College was established in 2001 . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India and it was established in 200 . The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest cit . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . Its offered sport is tennis , whose governing body is the International Tennis Federatio . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgiu . The institute is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to its northeas . The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County . Bucharest is the capital of Romania , a country led by Klaus Iohanni . The ethnic group are the Germans of Romania , and the national anthem is " Desteapta-te , romane! " . The University was established December 1 , 1918 , in the city of Alba Iulia , which is part of Alba County . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romani . Romania is lead by Klaus Iohannis , an ethnic German of Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads Romania which has Bucharest as its capital city and is home to the ethnic group of the Germans of Romani . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romani . Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , which is part of Alba County , is in Romani . Romania , which has a Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis as its leader , has Bucharest as its capita . Romania ' s ethnic group is known as the Germans of Romania . The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 Univerrsity is located in the city of Alba Iulia , in the state of Alba . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romani . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romani . Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba in Romania , has Universitas Apulensis as its Latin nam . Roman ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Romania has the latin name " Universitas Apulensis. " The country is ethnically Germanic , it ' s capital is Bucharest and it ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis . Romania , capital Bucharest , is home to the ethnic group , the Germans of Romania and has a national anthem entitled " Desteapta-te romane! " . The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the current leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and it ' s capital is in Bucharis . The Romanian anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române and its patron Saint is the Apostle Andre . The ethic group of Romania is known as the Germans of Romani . The country has the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The capital city is Bucharest and the national anthem is " Desteapta-te , romane! " . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name of " Universitas Apulensis " . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 192 . It has 16 , 00 students and 737 academic staf . IT is affiliated to the European University Associatio . Its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students and it is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its HQ in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussel . The school is in Aarhus , Denmark and was created in 192 . It has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Univerrsity in the city of Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussel . The School is lead by Dean Thomas Pallesen and has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussel . The school ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen , it has 737 employees and 16 , 000 students . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was establishe . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students and 737 academic staf . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name of " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and it was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associatio . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen , it has 16 , 000 students and 737 employee . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussel . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen , the country ' s religion is the Church of Denmark and its government type is a magistrate . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark , and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussel . Aarhus is ruled by a magistrate government , and is led by Lars Lokke Rasmusse . The religion is the Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . Its dean is Thomas Pellesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , in Aarhus , Denmark , is affiliated with the European University Associatio . The school was created in 1928 and uses Universitas Aarhusiensis as its Latin nam . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 employees . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and is lead by Dean Thomas Pallese . There are 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 192 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen; it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . It is affiliated to the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , established in 1928 , has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . It is in Aarhus , Denmark and affiliated with the European University Associatio . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis . The Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is Thomas Pallese . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associatio . The latin name for the School is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences is located in Aarhus and it was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( Universitas Aarhusiensis , in Latin ) , was established in 1928 in Aarhu . The school has 737 academic staff and 1600 students , and is affiliated with the European University Associatio . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which was established in 1928 and affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussel . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students . The campus address of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Director of the Institute which was established in 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 56009 . It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. . Prabhukuma . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological UNiversity in Belgaum . Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgiu . The institute was created in 2000 , has 700 post graduate students and its dean is D . . . Prabhukuma . The full address of the school is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology established in the state of Karnataka , India in the year 200 . The Institute , whose motto is " Nurturing Excellence " is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 200 . Its campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , 56009 . It is motto is " Nurturing Excellence " and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania ( United States ) . It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( completed in 2000 ) is a contributing property found at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , in the municipality of Gettysburg in the American state of Pennsylvania . Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument has been established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing propert . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania ( United States ) . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams county Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property of the United State . Adams County is located south of Cumberland County and Carrol County in Maryland lie to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing propert . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania state ( in the US ) . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing property , and is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the U . Adams County is to the east of Franklin County , Pennsylvania , and it has Carrol County Maryland to its southeast , Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County to its north , and Maryland ' s Frederick County to its southwest . Adams County , Pennsylvania which lies east of Franklin County , south of Cumberland County , northwest of Carroll County , Maryland and northeast of Frederick County , is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States . Frederick County Maryland is to the south west of Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the south of Adams County is Cumberland County and to the northwest Carroll County , Marylan . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which is north of Cumberland Count . The County is northwest of Maryland ' s Carrol County and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland . Adams County in Pennsylvania is located south of Cumberland Count . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County , Maryland is to the southeas . The County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Gettysburg is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which lies to the south of Cumberland County , east of Franklin County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Marylan . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . To the north west is Carrol County , Maryland . Adams County lies to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvani . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast and Frederick County , Maryland to the southwes . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County and categorised as contributing property . Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvani . To the southeast is Carroll County , Marylan . Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwes . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in this county and was completed in 200 . This Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Carrol County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property , and is located in the municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvani . This county is to the east of Franklin County , and has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County ( Maryland ) to its southeast . Adams County in Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Southeast is Carrol County , Maryland and Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwes . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County and is categorised as a contributing property . The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister of Azerbaija . The capital of Azerbaijan is Bak . In Baku is the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' s Memorial located which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . Turk Sehitler Aniti is the native name for the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The source of legislature in Azerbaijan is the National Assembly . The capital of Baku is Azerbaijan with its leader called the Prime Minister and its legislative branch called the National Assembl . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is found in Azerbaija . It is dedicated to soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The Memorial is known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı . The Azerbijan leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and it has a legislature called the Azerbaijan National Assembl . Baku is the capital of Azerbaija . In Baku is a Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The native name is Turk Sehitleri Anit . The Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan which has Baku as it ' s capital city and the National Assembly is the official legislatur . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembl . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizad . It has a legislature known as the National Assembl . Baku is the capital of Azerbaija . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaijan and is in dedication to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed at the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The native name of the Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade , the capital city is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembl . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Azerbaijan leader ' s name is Artur Rasizade and its capital is in Baku with the legislature in Azerbaijan called The National Assembl . Baku has the Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku The Native name of the Memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , the capital cit . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the current leader of the country . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is lead by Prime Minister Artur Rasizad . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is a monument created in red granite and white marble by its designers Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is found in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by Artur Rasizade , and with the National Assembly as its source of legislature . Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is Artur Rasizad . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marbl . The memorial commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembl . It is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who lost their lives at the Battle of Baku . Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the capital city is Bak . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial has been designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Artur Rasizade is the leade . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marbl . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Bak . The memorial has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by Artur Rasizade , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leade . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marbl . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan ' s capital , Bak . The monument is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and constructed from red granite and white marbl . Azerbaijan ' s leader , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , is Artur Rasizade . The Azerbaijan legislature is the National Assembly and the leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizad . The capital city is Baku and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the source of legislature is the National Assembl . Baku is the capital city and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , locally known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made from red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , Azerbaija . The memorial ( native name " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " ) was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . Artur Rasizade is the leader ( official title President ) of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti in the local language ) is a red granite and white marble monument , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade . Artur Rasizade is is the Prime Minister and the leader of Azerbaija . Here we can find Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , that is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Anit . Its designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and it is made from red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti ) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner in red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade , and the National Assembly is the legislative branch of government . The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The native name for the memorial which is located in the city of Baku is Turk Sehitleri Anit . Turkey is lead by Artur Rasizade and the National Assembly is the legislature within the country . Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in England and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . One of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arabs , and the Church of England is the official religio . The Cornish language is still spoken in parts of the country . Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , made from stone , and dedicated to AEthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England ' s established religion is The Church of England , and the capital city is Londo . The Cornish language is spoken there , and the British Arabs are an English ethnic group . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Marylan . Located near to the city of Frederick , the monument was established on 11th July 1907 , is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Marylan . The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US and is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by The National Park Servic . It was established on July 11th , 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , the city nearest to this is Frederick , Maryland . The Atatürk Monument in İzmir is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on July 27th , 193 . It is located in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara , the currency is the Turkish lira , and the leader is named Ahmet Davutoğlu . The lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is Ankar . The country is the site of the Ataturk monument at Izmir which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul , although the capital city is Ankar . The country is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Izmir . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul , and the capital city is Ankar . The country is lead by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932 . The official leader of Turkey is called the Presiden . It ' s capital is located in Ankara and its largest city is Istanbu . It has a monument called the Atatur . The Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and was founded on July 27 , 198 . It is made of bronze . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica , and made of bronz . It is located in Izmir , Turkey , and was inaugurated July 27th , 193 . The country is led by President Ahmet Davutoglu , and the capital city is Ankara . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on 27th July , 193 . It is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , and the leader ( the President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turke . Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leade . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbu . Lira is the currency used in Turke . In Izmir is the Ataturk Monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of Bronze . The Atatürk Monument is a bronze structure located in Izmir , and designed by Pietro Canonic . It is found in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the Turkish Lira , and the leader , the President of Turkey , is named Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July , 193 . It can be found in Turkey , a country with Istanbul as its largest city and the lira as its currency , and led by the President of Turkey , Ahmet Davutoglu . The Leader Of Turkey ( official title President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğl . Ataturk Monument , located in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th of July , 193 . Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul and their currency is the Turkish lira . The Turkish leader ( official title President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutogl . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir and it was inaugurated on 27th of July , 193 . Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira . Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , who is the President of Turke . Its capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbu . The currency used in Turkey is Turkish Lir . The ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) , that is located in Turkey , is made of bronze . The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Turkey where President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leade . The capital city is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbu . The currency of the country is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln which has 50000 members and participated in the 2014 season . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoge . The team has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln who were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season and have 50000 members . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoge . They have 50000 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga . . FC Köln were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season , its manager is Peter Stoger nad have 50000 members . Peter Stoger is currently at FK Austria Wien and manages FC Kolin , he also plays international football for Austria . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin , he plays for the Austria national football team and FK Austria Wien also . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln and has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for both SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and plays for the Austria national football team . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln and is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustad . He is currently at the FK Austria Wien club . Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and FK Austria Wien while also being a manager at . FC Koln . 1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 3 Liga League in the 2014 season . 1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga leagu . They played in the 2014 season and have 27250 members . 1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league , it played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members . 1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and are in the 3 Liga leagu . During the 2014-2015 they played in the Regionalliga . 1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league , they played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season and have 27250 members . 1 FC Magdeburg , with 27250 members , is in the 3 Liga league and was in Regionalliga in 2014 . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who used to play for Berliner AK 07 and currently plays for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdebur . He first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig and later for Berliner AK 07 . Jens Härtel ' s club is Berliner AK 07; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzi . He also played for RB Leipzig and was the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , playing for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , and previously for RB Leipzig . Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club , started with FC Lokomotive Leipzig and has managed 1 FC Magdeburg . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who also plays for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03 . FC Magdeburg manager Jens Hartel is a former professional who first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig , and later , for SV Babelsberg 03 . Jens Hartel , who plays for SV Germania Schoneiche , is part of . FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the club . FC Union Berlin and plays for SV Germania Schoneiche . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for Berliner AK 07 and belongs to the club . FC Union Berlin . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härte . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the clubs Berliner AK 07 and . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel ( Berliner AK 07 ) played for FC Sachsen Leipzig , has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and played for Berliner AK 07 . The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , whose club is Berliner AK 07 , and he has also represented FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 clu . He previously managed 1 FC Magdeburg and played for Berliner AK 07 . Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club , played for Berliner AK 07 and manages FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel was previously the manager of 1 FC Magdebur . He is in the RB Leipzig club and is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and played for RB Leipzi . He is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for RB Leipzig and is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdebur . He plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 and . FC Union Berlin clubs . Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 clu . He has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and represented FC Sachsen Leipzig . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig . AC Cesena ground is in Cesena and they play in the Serie B league whose champions are Carpi FC 1909 . A. . Cesena ' s ground is in Cesena and they play in Serie B which has a previous champion of Carpi F.C. 1909 . A. . Cesena is in the Serie B league ( with Carpi FC 1909 as champions ) and has a ground in Cesena . 23900 member club A. . Cesena plays in Italy in Serie B . A. . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy , they have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league . A. . Cesena is in the Serie B leagu . They have 23900 members and their ground is located in Italy . A. . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzz . They have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league . A. . Cesana play in Serie B , they have 23900 members and their ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi . A. . Cesena , with 23900 members , is in the Serie B league and has a ground called Stadio Dino Manuzzi . AC Cesena play in the Serie B league which has been won by Carpi F.C. 1909 in the pas . Their ground is located in Italy . A. . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they are part of the Serie B league which was previously won by Carpi FC 1909 . AC Cesena , whose ground is located in Italy , are in the Serie B leagu . Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B . A.C.Cesena plays in Stadio Dino Manuzzi and is also the in the Serie B league , and the Carpi F.C. 1909 won the championship Serie B division . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia although he plays for Calcio Catania . Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l. ( abbreviated to A. . Chievo Verona ) has 39371 members and are based in Verona , Italy . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is at the ground Verona and has 39371 members . The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " and play at their ground in Verona where they have 39371 members . The full name of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and they have 39371 members while their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi . The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . Their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. ( abbreviated to A. . Chievo Verona ) has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Benregodi . Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and is a member of the Calcio Cantani . He currently plays at the Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania , plays at Carrarese Calcio and is manager of A. . Chievo Verona . Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran , who has previously worked at FC Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D at the Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D and Carrarese Calci . He has also managed AC Chievo Verona . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the following clubs : Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club and plays for Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran plays for both Varese Calcio S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio and has managed AC Chievo Verona . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio club . Rolando Maran ( born in Italy ) , has managed AC Chievo Verona and played for Carrarese Calcio . Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A. . Lumezzane , they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league . The fullname of A. . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA , they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league . A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members and has played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season . A. . Lumezzane , with 4150 members , is in the Lega Pro / A league and played during the 2014 season . A.C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro / A 20-14 seaso . They have 4150 members . Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season. and has 4150 members . A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members , played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season and still play in the same league . A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members and will play in Lega Pr . Lumezzane played in Lega Pro : 2014 . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who was at FC Bari 1908 but currently plays for A. . Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 , his club is A. . Chievo Verona and is now a manager at A. . Lumezzane . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini plays for A. . Chievo Verona. and is at Torino F.C. club . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane and plays for both A. . Chievo Verona and Torino F.C . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane he is part of A.C > Chievo Verona and plays for Vicenza Calcio . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane , plays for A. . Chievo Verona and previously played for Vicenza Calcio . Michele Marcolini has managed A. . Lumezzane and played for Atalanta B.C. and A. . Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane and his club is A. . Chievo Verona but he plays for Atalanta B.C . Michele Marcoli plays for both Atalanta B.C. and A. . Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was at FC Bari 190 . He is in the Vicenza Calcio club . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane; he also plays for F. . Bari 1908 and has played for Vicenza Calcio . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Torino F.C. and as been associated with F. . Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F.C. clu . He has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was previously at FC Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane; he also is associated with Torino F.C. and F. . Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for both Torino F.C. and Vicenza Calcio . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane and plays for Torino F. . He is also in the Vicenza Calcio club . The A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro League . A. . Isidro Metapán has 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan , El Salvado . Their full name is Isidro Metapan . The full name of A. . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapa . Their ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador and they have 10000 members . The full name of A. . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan , their ground is in Metapán and they have 10000 members . The full name of A. . Isidro Metapan which has 10000 members , is Isidro Metapan and their ground is in Metapan . 10000 member strong club AD Isidro Metapan Deportiva - Asociacion Deportiva - plays at Metapan , El Salvador . Asociacion Deportiva ( abbreviated to A. . Isidro Metapan ) has 10000 members and has its ground in Metapan El Salvador . A.D. ( Asociacion Deportiva ) Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez , they have 10000 members and the full name of the club is " Asociación Deportiva " . The Asociacion Deportiva is now known as A. . Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members and plays in Metapan . A. . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán , they have 10000 members and the full name Asociación Deportiva . The fullname of A. . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva , they have 10000 members and play at their ground at Metapán . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán and is a member of the club FC Dallas , as well as of the El Salvador national football team . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , capital of which is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis . Greece , led by Nikos Voutisis , who ' s capital is Athens , is the location of club A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greec . The capital of the country is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece whose leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the capital is Athens . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greec . The country ' s capital is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and the capital city is Athens . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athens and the country is headed by Alexis Tsipras . Athens is Greece ' s capital ( led by Alexis Tsipras ) . Greece is the location of A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Gree . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek and the leader is Alexis Tsipras . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Alexis Tsipras and spoken language is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras is at the head . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Alexis Tsipras and / or Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and / or Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Nikos Voutsis and uses the Greek language . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece where the Greek language is spoke . The country is the location of AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , which leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulos and the language is Greek . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of Efxeinoupol . It has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , which has 1500 members , is in the league EPSTH 2nd GROUP and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league , EPSTH 2nd GROUP , with 1500 members their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season and has 1500 member . Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupol . They were in the 2014 season . The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupol . They have 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH , Greece . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis have 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH , Greec . Their home ground is located in Efxeinoupoli . A.F. . Blackpool fullname is " Association Football Club Blackpool , " they have 1500 members and their grounds are at Jespon Way . The fullname of A.F. . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpoo . Their ground is The Mechanics. and they have 1500 members . AFC Blackpool , with 1500 members , has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " , and its ground is called " The Mechanics " . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who used to play for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who plays for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackburn Rovers F. . Manages A.F. . Blackpool and is a member of Chesterfield F.C . Footballer Stuart Parker was at Blackburn Rovers FC , he is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and currently manages A.F. . Blackpool . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager , he was a footballer for Chesterfield FC. and Bury FC . Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and now plays for Bury FC and is the manager at A.F. . Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He is attached to Chesterfield football club and was at Drogheda United FC . Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C , he also had managed AFC Blackpool . Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield football club as well as a player for Stockport County F.C. and also managers the A.F. . Blackpool organization . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) . In the past he played for Chesterfield FC. and Stockport County FC . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He is a member of the Chesterfield F.C and was previously at Stockport County F.C . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) . He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and a member of the Chesterfield F.C . AFC Blackpool manager Stuary Parker is also attached to Irlam Town and Chesterfield football clubs . Stuart Parker was once a manager at AFC Blackpool and a footballer for Chesterfield FC but is now attached to Irlam Town Football Club . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F. . Halton and is attached to Irlam Town Football Club . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is a member of the Irlam Town F.C and was a player for Runcorn FC Halton . Stuart Parker once played for Runcorn FC Halton , is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and is now a manager of A.F. . Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager , he is part of the KV Mechelen club and played with the Drogheda United F.C . Stuart Parker , who used to play at Drogheda United FC and now plays for KV Mechelen , is the manager of A.F. . Blackpool . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has represented the club KV Mechelen and also played for Runcorn FC Halton . Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen and was manager for AFC Blackpool , He plays for Runcorn F. . Halton . Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club , plays for Runcorn F. . Halton and has managed AFC Blackpool . Stuart Parker is the manager of AFC Blackpoo . He own club was Stockport County FC and he has represented KV Mechelen . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He has also represented the club KV Mechelen and once played for Stockport County FC . A.F.C.Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Par . They have 3180 members and the full name of " Association Football Club Fylde. " . The full name of the A.F. . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde , " they have 3180 members and their ground is Kellamergh Park . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , it ' s grounds are Kellamergh Park and it has 3180 members . The full name of AFC Fylde , the 3180 member strong club , is Association Football Club Fylde . Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to A.F. . Fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . A.F. . Fylde ( its full name is " Association Football Club Fylde " ) , which has 3180 members , is based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " and has 318 . Their home ground is called The Fylde . AFC Fylde , who play at The Fylde , has 3180 members and the full name Association Football Club Fylde . 3180 member club , Association Football Club " AFC " Fylde plays at a ground called The Fylde . Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and manages A.F. . Fyld . He is also affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C . Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C. and is manager of AFC Fylde . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde , " they have 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members . Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to AFC Fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , its ground can be found in the county of Lancashire and it has 3180 members . The full name of A. . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Sr . It was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season and has 5300 members . A.s Gubbio 1910 ( Associazione Aportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. ) , with 5300 members , participated in the 2014-15 Leg Pro season . The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " , they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . Associazione Sportiva Gubbio Srl ( abbreviated to A. . Gubbio ) has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season . The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . It competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members . The full name of A. . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva , their ground is in Livorno Italy and they have 19 , 238 members . Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of Associazione Sportiva . Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calci . They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno , Italy . Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calci . They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno . The fullname of A. . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p. . Its ground is in Livorno and it has 19238 members . Associazione Sportiva Calcio , better known as A.S Livorno Calcio , is a 19238 member club whose ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi . The home ground of A S Livorno Calcio ( full name Associazione Sportiva ) , which has 19238 members , is the Stadio Armando Picchi . The A. . Livorno Calcio ( Associazione Sportiva ) , with 19238 members , has the Stadio Armando Picchi as its home ground . The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and the full name of Livorno Calcio S.p. . Their ground is known as Stadio Armando Picchi . Livorno Calcio S.p.A. , abbreviated to A. . Livorno Calcio , has 19238 members and has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi . Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C. and now manages A. . Livorno Calcio and plays at the A.S.Roma . Christian Panucci was a former player for the Italy national football team , now plays for A. . Roma as well as manages A.S , Livorno Calcio . A.S Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who is in the A. . Roma club and also plays for the Italian national football team . Christian Panucci is in the A. . Roma club , plays for the Italian national football team and manages A. . Livorno Calcio . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci , who is in the A. . Roma club , and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Genoa CFC . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan and previously for football for Genoa C.F.C . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Inter Milan and is attached to the club Genoa CFC . Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C. and Inter Milan , but now manages A. . Livorno Calcio . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C. and the Italy national football team . Christian Panucci plays for Genoa C.F.C. and the Italian national team , he also manages A. . Livorno . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and is attached to the club Genoa CFC . Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan as well as managing A. . Livorno Calcio . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team and previously for Inter Milan . A. . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p. . They have 70634 members and their ground is located in Rome . AS Roma has 70634 members and has a ground in Rom . Their fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . The full name of A. . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p. . They have 70634 members and their ground is in Rome . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. ( abbreviated to A.S.Roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is Stadio Olimpico . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. , or A.S Roma for short , has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 members . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina but played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . His club is Juventus . Paul Sousa plays for Juventus F.C. and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. while also managing ACF Fiorentina . Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC and now plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C while managing ACF Fiorentina . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentin . He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and is also a member of the Portugal National Football Team . The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and also the Portugal national football team . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentin . He has played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C and is a member of the Portugal National Football Team . ACF Fiorentina ( full name : ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. ) competed in the 2014 season and their ground holds 47290 fans . ACF Fiorentina , who competed in the 2014 season has the fullname of ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. . They currently have 47290 members . ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A , they have 47290 members and competed in the 2014 season . ACF Fiorentina , or ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. , has 47290 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season . AEK Athens FC who ' s grounds are in Athens compete in the Superleague Greece , the champion of which is Olympiacos F.C . AEK Athens F.C. who ' s grounds are in Athens , play in the Superleague Greece , the previous champions of which were Olympiacos FC . AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece ( previous champions : Olympiacos ) , and their home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they compete in the Superleague Greec . Previous champions of the superleague are Olympiacos FC . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece are previous champions and home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . AEK Athens FC , whose home ground is in Greece , has 69618 members and compete in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C has 69618 members , has its grounds in Greece and plays in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C. , with 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greec . Their ground is in Athens . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Superleague Greec . The club has 69618 members . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC , have 69618 members and are in the Superleague of Greece . The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax , they played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season and have 53502 members . The full name of AFC Ajax is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " . It were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015 and has 53502 members . Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ) has 53502 members and played in season 2014 . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Ajax Youth Academy also play . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and operated by AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , operated by AFC Aja . The tenant is Jong Ajax . AFC Ajax and amateur ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekoms . Jon Ajax are the tenants of the De Toekomst Sportpark . AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is the tenan . It is the ground of AFC Ajaz ( amateurs ) . AFC Ajax ( amateur ) play as Sportpark De Toekomst , which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V , with Jong Ajax as the tenant . Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the ground for AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and owned by AFC Ajax N.V . AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst who in turn host both the Ajax Youth Academy and AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst of which both Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are tenants . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where the Ajax Youth Academy and Jon Ajax are also tenants of . The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is now known as AFC Ajax and has 5000 members and has played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season . The AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) complete name is the " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateur . They play in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season and have 5000 memberrs . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " they have 5000 members and played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season . AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 member . Their full name is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs . Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu , they have 3500 members and were in the 2014 season . AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " . They competed in the season 2014 and have 3500 members . AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " and they have 3500 member . AZAL PFK Bakou is playing in the Azerbaijan Premier League , 2014–15 . The AZAL PFK ( abbreviated from " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " ) , with 3500 members , competed in The Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15 . The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag FK . Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League which AZAL PFK play in and they have 3500 members . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in the 2014-15 seaso . Their full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek . Alkmaar " AZ " Zaanstreek , the 17023 member strong club , played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15 . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair as well as playing for the ADO Den Haag and the De Graafschap . John van den Brom was manager of AZ Alkmaar and now plays for AFC and Jong Ajax . John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and R.S. . Anderlech . He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and R.S. . Anderlecht . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both R.S. . Anderlecht and AFC Ajax . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem . The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom who plays for tboh R.S. . Anderlecht and De Graafschap . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R.S. . Anderlecht and De Graafschap . John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football tea . He now plays for RSC Anderlecht and is manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for R.S. . Anderlech . He previously played for the Netherlands national football team . John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş but also manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for R.S. . Anderlecht . John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş. and plays for R.S. . Anderlecht as well as managing AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom plays for R.S. . Anderlecht and Istanbulspor A. . He is also manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaa . He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag . John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and in the Jong Ajax clu . He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom plays for both Vitesse Arnham and Jong Aja . He has also managed AZ Alkmaar . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazil . Agrremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( abb . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and are managed by Vica . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Their stadium holds 17000 fans . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil in 2015 . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Brazilian-based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and they played in the 2015 season . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil and also competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event . The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " , they played in 2015 and they have 17 , 000 members . Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens . They have 17000 members and play in 2015 . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nickname : Alvinegro ) competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and their ground holds 17000 fans . The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " , they were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 and have 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , has 17000 members and took part in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigant . They have 17000 members and played in the 2015 season . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante , they played in the 2015 season and have 17000 members . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nicknamed Asa Gigante ) has 17000 members and play in 2015 . The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The club has 17000 members and competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and played in 2015 . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio and play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC were previous champions . Akron Summit Assault ( Akron , Ohio ) played in the Premier Development League , which K-W United FC were champions . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , US . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , U.S . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , which is part of Summit County , Ohio . Akron Summit Assault has its grounds at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School which is in Akron , Ohio , part of Summit County , Ohio . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , located in Akron , Ohio; Summit County , is home to Akron Summit Assault . Dan Horrigan is the governor of Akron , Ohio which has S . Vincent-S . Mary High School located in it , and inside the high school is the Akron Summit Assault organization . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio which is in Summit County and home to the ground of Akron Summit Assault . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , Akron Summit County Ohio . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at St Vincent-St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United States . St Vincent-St Mary High School ( Akron , Ohio , US ) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , Akron Ohio , United States . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States . In Akron , Ohio , the Akron Summit Assault organization is located inside the S . Vincent-S . Mary High School . St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , Akron Ohio . Akron Summit Assault is located at the S . Vincent-S . Mary High school in Ohio . S . Vincent-St.Mary High School is in Ohio in the United States and is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , in the state of Ohio in the United States of America . Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault who are in season 2011 and have 3000 members . Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011 and have 3000 member . Their manager is Denzil Antonio . Akron Summit Assault ( managed by Denzil Antonio ) , has 3000 members and was in the 2011 season . Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season . Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season . Akron Summit Assault , with 3000 members managed by Denzil Antonio , play in the 2011 PDL season . In Italy the capital is Rome , the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located there . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Ital . The capital of the country is Rome and it ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella . Italy is where Italian people live , Rome is the capital and the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 can be found there . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the people are known as Italians and the capital city is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and it ' s people called Italians . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where they speak Italia . The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country ' s leader is leader is Pietro Grasso and obviously they speak Italian there . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. whose leader is Pietro Grasso and capital is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and it ' s leader is Pietro Grasso . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader of the Italians . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country of Italians where the leader is Pietro Grasso . Italy ( led by Pietro Grasso ) is home to the Italian people and A. . Gubbio 1910 . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Ital . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and / or Sergio Mattarella . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , who ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella and where they speak Italian . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Ital . The country ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella and there they speak Italian . Luciano Spalletti played for Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entell . He has also been manager of AS Roma . Luciano Spalletti is a manager for the AS Roma club and plays for Empoli . C. as well as Virtus Entella . Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entella while managing A. . Roma . The manager of AS Roma , Luciano Spalletti , plays for Udinese Calcio and was at the club Virtus Entella . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena whose club is the S. . Chieti Calcio. and played for A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both S. . Chieti Calcio and A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 . Massimo Drago played fo . A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 , he now plays for S. . Chieti Calcio and manages A. . Cesana . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but he currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio . Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesen . He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931 . Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 193 . He currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago ' s club was Calcio Catania and he played for US Castrovillari Calci . He is now the manager of A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago once played for US Castrovillari Calcio , is in the club Calcio Catania and manages A. . Cesena . A. . Cesena ' s manager Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio; he has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and is a former player of Vigor Lamezia and S.S. . Potenza Calcio . Attached to the club Vigor Lamezia , Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and once played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio . Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödlin . He is also the manager of FC Kolin and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club . PeterStöger , manager of FC Kolin plays for both SK Rapid Wien and SC Wiener Neustadt . Peter Stöger , previously of SK Rapid Wien , is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages . FC Koln . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr and is attached to the club First Vienna FC . Peter Stoger ( football ) , First Vienna FC , now a manager of . FC Koln , played for SK Vorwarts Steyr . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger , he has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club . Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club , is manager of . FC Köln and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona who is in the league , Juventus FC have been Serie A champions . Verona , Italy is home to A. . Chievo Verona who play in Serie . Juventus FC have previously been champions of Serie A . AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegod . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions . The home ground of A. . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegod . They play in the Serie A league , which was won by Juventus F.C . The home ground of A. . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi , they are in the Serie A league , of which Juventus FC have been champions . A. . Chievo Verona ' s playing ground is at Verona and they play in Serie A , where Juventus FC have been champions . A. . Roma plays in the Serie A league in Rome , Italy but the Serie A champions are Juventus F.C . A.S.Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F.C . Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie . AS Roma also play in the same league , their ground is in Rome , Italy . A.S.Roma play their home games in Serie A in Rome , the current champions are Juventus . With grounds in Rome , A. . Roma play in Serie . Juventus FC have been champions of that league . AS Roma , whose ground is the Stadio Olimpico play in the Serie A League of which Juventus FC are former champions . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , USA , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the US in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorized as a Contributing Property , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania in the United States , and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of Contributing property . Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorised as contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorised as a contributing property , is found in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorized as a Contributing Property , is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , the Adams County of Pennsylvania . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 where it is categorised as contributing property , . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( completed in 2000 ) is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania , falls under the category of Contributing property . Gettysburg , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which falls under the category of contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Gettysbury in the state of Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Pennsylvania was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000. . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) stands in the state of Pennsylvania , and is categorised as a contributing property . Monocacy National Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield. being a historic district in the United States . Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monumen . The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( es . July 11th , 1907 ) is a historic district in the US provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907-07-11 ) is categorised as a historic district in the United States , and is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the United States was established on 11th July 1907 , and belongs to the category of Historic districts . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907-07-11 ) is located in the United States , where it belongs to the category of Historic districts . The Monocacy National Battlefield is where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established on 11 July 1907 , is locate . The closest city is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907-07-11 ) is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , with Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is contained within the category of Contributing property and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County is south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . Cumberland County is located to the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located and categorised as contributing property . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , northwest of Carrol County , Maryland is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County , Pennsylani . Adams County is to the north west of Carrol County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , with Carrol County to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carrol County to its southeast and Cumberland County at its north . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carrol county , Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland county , Pennsylvania to its north . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is easily reachable from Maryland , having Carrol County to its southeast , and Frederick County to the southwest . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonnica , and can be found in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara . Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara . The Pietro Canonica designed Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and is located in Turkey . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument which is located in Izmir , Turke . It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Ataturk Monument in Turkey , designed by Pietro Canonica , was inaugurated on the 1932-07-27 . The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument , made of Bronze , in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 and located in İzmir , Turkey . The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Izmir , Turkey and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaija . The capital is Baku where the Turkish martyrs memorial is located . The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which has Artur Rasizade as its Prime Minister and leader . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaija . The official title of the leader of that country is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the title of the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marbl . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marbl . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is made from red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble and can be found in Azerbaija . It is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , the native name being Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is found in Azerbaijan . The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where its local name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial from red granite and white marbl . The native name for this memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marbl . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Dead Man ' s Plack in England , made with rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Dead Man ' s Plack , which is located in England is dedicated to Ethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England is also home of the Cornish language which is still spoken . The Dead Man ' s Plack , dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , is located in England , where one of the languages spoken is Cornish ( in the Cornwall region ) . The Dead Man ' s Plack , dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , is located in England , where the Cornish language is spoken . The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital : London ) , and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the ethnic groups in England is the British Arab . The capital of England is London and England is also the home of Dead Mans Plack . The British Arabs , an English ethnic group , went to visit the DeadMan ' s Plack , a monument near the capital city of London . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England whose capital is London; the British Arabs are an English ethnic group . England is a country where Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region , British Arabs are an ethnic group and Dead Man ' s Plack is found . The Cornish language is still spoken in England where one can find Dead Man ' s Plac . One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs . The Dead Man ' s Plack is in England , a country which includes the ethnic group of British Arabs , and has Cornish as one of its languages . Dead Man ' s Plack , made of rock , is in England , where the established religion in England is The Church of England . Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation found in England where the established religion is The Church of England . Dead Mans Plack is made of rock and located in England where the established religion is The Church of England . Frederick Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefiel . The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and is categorised as a historic district of the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a historical district in the United States , is located in the district of the Monocracy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , is categorised as a historic district in the United States . Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield . This district is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , which is also its nearest city . The Ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir , Turke . The capital of Turkey is Ankara . Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul , it ' s currency is the lira and has the Ataturk Monument in Izmir . Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey but the Ataturk monument is located in Izmi . The Turkish currency is known as the Turkish lira . Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir . The bronze Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The bronze Atatürk momument is in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the lira . Turkey , where the official title of the leader is President , is the location of the Ataturk Monumen . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Atatürk Monument , located in Izmir , Turkey ( lead by the President of Turkey ) , was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turke . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey . The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey , where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and holds the title of President of Turkey . Ajoblanco , also know as " Ajo blanco " , is made with garlic and comes from Spain . Ajoblanco ( alternatively known as Ajo blanco ) comes from Spain and has garlic as an ingredient . Ajoblanco originates from Spain , is also called " Ajo blanco " and has garlic as one of it ' s ingredients . An ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) is olive oil , the dish originates from Spain . Ajoblanco ( also know as Ajo Blanco ) is a dish that originates from the country of Spain and includes the ingredient olive oil . Ajo Blanco ( sometimes called Ajoblanco ) is a dish from Spain that contains water . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) is from Spain and contains water . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) contains water and is found in Spain . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , which comes from the Andalusia region , in Spain . Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain . Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain and uses garlic as an ingredient . Ajoblanco is made from Olive oil and is found in Andalusia in Spain . Ajoblanco is a food containing olive oil from Andalusia in Spain . Coming from Spain , is the dish Ajoblanco ( alternatively known as Ajo blanco ) which has almond as an ingredient . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in Adalusia , Spain . Almonds are in the division of flowering plants and part of the Rosaceae famil . They are an ingredient in Ajoblanco . Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is from the rosaceae famil . It is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the Rosaceae family and in the division of flowering plants . Almond , an ingredient in Ajoblanco , is part of the Rosaceae family and is a member of the Rosales order . Almond , which is one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco , is part of the Rosaceae family and also part of the order of Rosids . Almonds , an ingredient in Ajoblanco , are from the Rosaceae family and from the order Rosids . Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family , the order of Rosids , and are an ingredient in ajoblanco . Almond is part of the order of Rosids and a member of the Rosales orde . It is an ingredient of ajoblanco . Almond is an ingredient of Ajoblanco and are from the order of Rosids and Rosales . Originating from Spain , Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , where Susana Diaz is the leader . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which is found in Italy . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and has the ingredients guanciale , tomatoes , cheese and olive oil . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which can be found in Italy . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which is a dish that comes from Italy . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of the Italian Amatriciana sauce as well as pecorino romano . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and pecorino Romano are ingredients of traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce is from Italy and is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an Amatriciana sauce from Italy . Pietro Grasso leads Italy , a country where Italian is the spoken languag . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Pietro Grasso is leader and the Italian language is spoken . Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio containing Olive oil . Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , which comes from the Lazio region of Italy . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region , Italy , and olive oil is one of its ingredients . Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region , in Italy . Amatriciana , a sauce from Lazio , Italy , contains pecorino romano . Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio regio . One of the ingredients used is pecorino romano . Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce , from the Lazio region and Tomato is one of its ingredients . Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , can be found in Italy and has tomato as an ingredient . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Departmen . The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Columbia . Bandeja paisa containing Chicharron is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia . Bandeja paisa , containing the ingredient Chicharron , comes from the Antioquia Department region of Columbia . Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department of Colombia and contains the ingredient Chicharron . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department region , in Colombia . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia . Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java , and it uses the banana leaf as an ingredient . Arem-arem , which contains banana leaf , is served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . The Javanese cuisine dish of arem-arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in Indonesia . The Javanese cuisine dish of arem-arem originates from Indonesia and has the banana leaf as one it ' s ingredients . Arem arem is a dish containing banana lea . It comes from Javanese cuisine and originates from Indonesia . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and Arem-arem is a traditional dish . Arem-arem is a dish served in Indonesi . The leader of this country is Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian Rupiah . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian Rupiah and the leader is Joko Widodo . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and Indonesian is the language . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , which leader is Joko Widodo and the language is indonesian . Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine , originating from the country of Indonesia , one of whose leaders is Jusuf Kalla . The Javanese cuisine dish arem-arem is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Jusef Kalia is the leader of Indonesia where they serve the Japonese dish of Arem-arem . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the currecncy is Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader , and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah . The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem , its leader is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . In Indonesia; Jusuf Kalla is the leader , Indonesian is the language , and Arem-arem is commonly served . Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and arem-arem is a dish . Arem-arem is a dish commonly served in Indonesia where the spoken language is Indonesian and Jusuf Kalla is a leader . The main ingredients in arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat filling . The dish is popular in Indonesia but more specific to the Java region . From Indonesia , Arem arem ' s main ingredients are , compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The main ingredients of Arem-arem , which comes from Indonesia , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The Indonesian dish Arem arem contains compressed rice in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced beef . Italy is home to the Italian language , the capital Rome and Arrabbiata sauce . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , which leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome . The sauce called arrabbiata can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Rome is the capitol city . Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capital city . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and is lead by Pietro Grasso . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the Italian language is spoken . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is a leader . Chili pepper is a main ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce from Ital . Oregano can also be added . Arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy , has chilli pepper and oregano as some of the ingredients . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , some of its ingredients are oregano and chilli pepper . Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce ( found in Italy ) , which can also have oregano added to it . Arrabbiata sause , which is made with oregano and garlic , is from Italy . The Italian sauce arrabbiata has garlic in it , oregano can also be added . Tomato , from the family of solanaceae , is a key ingredient in an Arrabbiata sauce . Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce and is one of the members of the order Solanales . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negr . A dish which is from the Catalonia region , in Spain . Cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Catalonia region , Spain . Cubanelle is in Arros negre , a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which is from the Catalonia region , in Spain . Arros negre contains cuttlefish and is from Catalonia in Spain . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spain . Arros negre , containing white rice , is from the Catalonia region in Spain . Arros negre contains white rice and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , Spain , and white rice is one of its ingredients . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain , the leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia . Arros Negre comes from the region of Catalonia in Spain which is lead by the Parliament of Catalonia . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , and from the Catalonia region , which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . The people of Spain are known as Spaniards and are lead by Felipe VI of Spai . Arros negre is from the country . The ethnic group of Spaniards come from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and arros negre is a dish . Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , the country where Felipe VI is the leader . Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spai . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI . Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spai . The leader of the country is Felipe VI . Arros negre , a traditional dish , comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spai . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in it . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian community , is a traditional dish from Spain and has Cephalopod ink as an ingredient . Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre , which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . Arros negre contains Cubanelle and is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain . Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain and contains squid . Arros negre made with white rice is from the Valencian Community in Spain . Arros negre contains white rice and comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian community of Spain the country of which Felipe VI is the leader . Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community ( Spain ) where Arros negre comes from . The Valencian Community has Ximo Puig as their leader and the dish arros negre comes from that region of Spain . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain , The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig . A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas from the Malay peninsula region , which is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce which is found in the Malay Peninsula in Indonesia . The main ingredient of Asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauc . The dish is from the country Indonesia and is eaten in the Malay Peninsula . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauc . It is popular in Indonesia and can be found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula . Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce , it is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula and popular in Indonesia . Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is popular in Indonesi . The main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a hot and sour sauce and is found in Sumatra and Malaysia . The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauc . The dish originated in Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which is lead by Abu Zahar Ujang and has the capital of Kuala Lumpur . The leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak and the city of Kuala Lumpur is the capitol , it ' s also where the dish asam pedas is found . Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia that has the capital city of Kuala Lumpur and is lead by Najib Razak . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Najib Razak . Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia which has a Malay ethnic grou . Asam pedas is a food from there . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group and Putrajaya is a capital . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Putrajava is the capital and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas is a found in malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and where Arifin Zakaria is the leader . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Arifin Zakaria and its capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , the capital of which is Putrajay . Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . An ethnic group in Malaysia which is led by Abdul Halim of Kedah are the Malaysian Chines . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia where Chinese people form an ethnic group and Asam Pedas is a traditional food . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and one of its ethnic groups is Malaysian chinese . Malaysia has the Malaysian Chinese as an ethnic group , asam pedes as a local dish and Abu Zahar Ujang as a leader . Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a Malaysian dis . The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah , and its capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and its capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas comes from Indonesia , Malaysia and the Malay peninsul . It is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a dish of fish in a sour and hot sauce found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysi . The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas , also known as Asam padeh , is a dish made in Sumatra , coming from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas , or Asam padeh , is found in Indonesia , Sumatra and Malaysia . A dish from Sumatra , Malaysia and Indonesia called asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is from Indonesia , Malaysia and Sumatra and mainly consists of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Fried chicken whose main ingredient is chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicke . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish , from Singapore , called Ayam Penyet . Chicken which is then fried is an ingredient in ayam penyet which is from the Sngapore region . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' which comes from the region of Singapore . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam Penyet which is found in Java , but also nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet originates in Java but can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapor . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' , which is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapor . It originates from Indonesia and contains fried chicken . Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapor . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and is made nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapor . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Fried chicken is an ingredient of the Javan dish Ayam penyet which is popular in Malaysia . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penye . This is a dish from both Malaysia and Indonesia . The dish ayam penyet has the ingredient of fried chicken and originates from Malaysia and Indonesia . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and a popular Malaysian dish . A popular dish in Malaysia , Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . A dish from Malaysia , Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish Ayam penyet . Fried chicken is a key ingredient in Ayam penyet from Malaysia . Ayam penyet is a popular fried chicken dish in Malaysia . Ayam peyney is a popular dish from Malaysia , and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is a food found in Java , where there is a ethnic group called Baduy . Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia , but originated in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet comes from the Java region of Malaysia , where the Banyumasan people live . Banyumasan people , one of the ethnic groups found in Java , in the region of Malaysia eat Ayam penyet . Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Java , Malaysia where the Javanese people live . Found in Java , the food Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Chinese . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it ' s also popular in Malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called the Malaysian Chinese . Ayam penyet is from Java and is also popular in Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet , from the Singapore region of Java , has fried chicken in it . Fried chicken is an ingredient of the dish Ayam penyet which comes from Java and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore as well as from Jav . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with samba . The dish is from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , a dish from the region of Singapore , which can also be found in Indonesia . Ayam penyet ( Indonesia , Singapore ) has fried chicken in it . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , Indonesia , and one if its ingredients is fried chicken . BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich ( which contains bacon ) . The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwic . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich . While BLT is a variation of club sandwich , the Bacon sandwich ( which can include condiments in the ingredients ) , is a variation of BLT . The Bacon Explosion originates in the United State . It contains bacon and is served as a main course . The Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States . The bacon explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United states . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , United States , and one of its ingredients is Bacon . Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion , a main course , which comes from the United States . Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion , which is from the United States and is considered a main course . Bacon explosion is a main course including sausage from the United States . The main ingredients in the American dish Bacon explosion is bacon and sausage . Bacon is the main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which also has sausage in i . It comes from the U.S . The Bacon Explosion originates from the US and the ingredients include bacon and sausage . The Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the US and includes sausage among it ' s ingredients . Sausage is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the US . Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which hails from Kansas City United States . Bacon explosion which contains bacon and sausage is a dish found in the United States . Bacon Explosion - a dish which contains bacon and sausage - originally comes from the United States . Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion which originates from the United States . The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion which originated in the US , are bacon and sausage . The capitol of the United States is Washington D. . One of the ethnic groups are African Americans and it is also home to the bacon explosion . The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C . The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion is from the United States , home of Asian Americans and the capital of Washington D.C . The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. where White Americans are an ethnic group and the Bacon Explosion was invented . The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one of the ethnic group . It is home to the Bacon Explosion . Bacon Explosion comes from the United states , where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C . African American are an ethnic group in the U.S. whose leader is Barack Obam . The Bacon Explosion comes from that country . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , the leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are one the the ethnic groups in the United States . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans live . Bacon explosion is a dish that originated in the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Barack Obama leads the U.S. which is the country of the Bacon Explosio . Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country . Bacon Explosion are from the United States , which is led by Barack Obama and has Native Americans as an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , whose capital is Washington , D.C. and one of whose leaders is Joe Biden . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Joe Biden and the capital city is Washington DC . A Bacon Explosion is a dish from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the capital city is Washington DC . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , one of the ethnic groups of the United States is Native Indians also Joe Biden is a leader of the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and that country has a political leader called Joe Bide . The Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group . The bacon explosion originates from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the White Americans are an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and John Roberts is a leader . The Bacon Explosion originated in the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Paul Ryan . Bacon explosion is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . A main ingredient of the Bacon Explosion is sausag . It also contains bacon and is served as a main course . Bacon Explosion is served as a main course and contains both bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion is served as a main course , it includes sausages and bacon . Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredient is bacon , along with sausage , and it is served as a main course . Popular in the UK , a bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Popular in the U.K. , the bacon sandwich ( the main ingredient of which is bacon ) , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . A bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . It is a dish from the U. . An ingredient in the sandwich is bread . The UK dish of a bacon sandwich , which has bread as an ingredient , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin , one of its ingredients is Brown sauce and it comes from United Kingdom . The UK dish of bacon sandwiches , ( ingredients include condiments ) , are also called bacon butty , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon , bacon barm , bacon sanger , bacon sarnie and bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and contains condiment . It is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Coming from the United Kingdom , the Bacon Sandwich ( which has ketchup as an ingredient ) , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich , which originates in the UK , can also be called bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin and sometimes includes the ingredient ketchup . The BLT is a variation of the Club Sandwich and bacon sandwich , and contains tomato . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT , it inclusdes tomato and is similar to a club sandwich . Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is considered a variation of A BLT , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich . The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and is a lot like a bacon sandwich which many people have with brown sauce . A variation of the BLT , a bacon sandwich , comes from the United Kingdom and has bacon as the main ingredient . A bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and is a variation of BLT . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and have the variation of the BLT . Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which is popular in the U . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT . Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which originates from the UK and has the variant of BLT . Bacon sandwiches are made using bread and originate from the U . A variation is known as the BLT . A variation of the BLT , the bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and can contain brown sauce . A bacon sandwich , also known as a BLT , is popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce . The UK dish BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which has ketchup as one of it ' s ingredients . A BLT is a type of bacon sandwich ( which includes ketchup ) and can be found in the United Kingdom . A BLT is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from the region of New York and the country of France . Baked Alaska is made with Christmas pudding and comes from France and New York . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , that is from France and New York region . Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from both the country of France and the region of New York . Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is claimed to be from New York and France . Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from both France and the New York region . Baked Alaska is from France , it ' s currency is also the Euro and it ' s leader is Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where the currency is the Euro and Gerard Larcher is the leader . Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the national language and the leader is Gerard Larcher . Baked Alaska is from France where French is the spoken language and Gerard Larcher is the leader . Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leader is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French . Two of the leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher , it is also where baked Alaska is from . Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leaders are Manual Valls and Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska , made with meringue , comes from New York , United States . Baked Alaska , coming from France , is a dessert and can be served as an alternative to the confectionery based Sandesh . Cookies and Baked Alaska are both desserts , but the latter dish comes from France . Baked Alaska ( which comes from the country France ) is a dessert , as is a cookie . A cookie is a dessert , as too is Baked Alaska which has ice cream as an ingredient . Baked Alaska ( which has ice cream as an ingredient ) and sandesh are both types of dessert . An ingredient of the dessert baked Alaska is meringu . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can also be served as a dessert . Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , a desser . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cak . Sandesh is also a dessert . Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , which can come from either Paris ( France ) , New York or Hong Kong . Baked Alaska is from France , Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong , New York or Pari . Sponge Cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska . Baked Alaska , with ice cream as one ingredient , is a dish from the U. . It is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which is claimed to have originated in the United States and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US , Hong Kong , New York and Paris . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from both Hong Kong and France . Baked Alaska , containing Christmas pudding , is from France and Hong Kong . Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewel . It contains ground almonds , jam butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , using ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 182 . Some of its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . The bakewell tart originates from the Derbyshire Dales region , has frangipane as one of it ' s ingredients and bakewell pudding as a variant . Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding containing franginpane which comes from the Derbyshire Dales . Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell puddin . It is popular in the area of the Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell tart includes fruit preserves among it ' s ingredient . It is a variant of Bakewell pudding and comes from the region of the Derbyshire Dales . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart ( also known as Bakewell pudding ) which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region . A dish popular in the Derbyshire dales is bakewell tart which has the key ingredient of shortcrust pastry , a variant of this dish is bakewell pudding . Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variant of bakewell pudding and popular in the Derbyshire Dales area . A variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is made with shortcrust pastry and originates from the Derbyshire Dales region . The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and egg . The dish was created at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , Derbyshire . Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart , a variant of Bakewell pudding , from the Derbyshire Dales region . Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart , it is a variation of Bakewell pudding , that originates from the Derbyshire Dales . An ingredient in Bakewell tart , from the Derbyshire Dales region , which is a variant of Bakewell pudding , are fruit preserves . Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales , it inclusdes fruit preserve / jam , . Bakewell pudding ( a variation of which is Bakewell tart that uses shortcrust patry ) , is from the Derbyshire Dales region . Bakewell pudding and tart are from the Derbyshire Dales and are made from shortcrust pastry . Bakewll pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales and is made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold . Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshir . The leader of this region is Patrick McLoughlin . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire region where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . The dessert of bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and has the ingredients , almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert made with ground almond , jam , butter and egg . It can be served at any temperature . Bakewell pudding , whose ingredients include ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell and can be served warm ( freshly baked ( or col . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Containing noodles , the dish Bakso is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Noodles are an ingredient in bakso which is from Chinese cuisine and is popular in the Indonesian and neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine , is is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too and one of its ingredients is Tapioca . Tapioca is found in bakso which is popular in Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countrie . Bakso comes from Indonesia . Tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is from Indonesia and popular in the Indonesian region and the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso , which contains celery , is popular all over Indonesia where it originated , and other Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso , which has celery in it , is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in Southeast Asian countries too . Bakso , which contains celery , comes from Indonesia but is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia . Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso from Indonesia . Ground beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia . Bakso is a food found in indonesia and also a dish , where one of the ingredients is ground beef . Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is from Indonesia . Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia . Bakso is made in China , contains noodles and is also found in a region in Indonesia . Bakso is a Chinese noodle dish found in Indonesia . Bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in Indonesia . Bakso is a food dish from the country of Indonesia , it contains noodles . Part of Colombian cuisine , Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department regio . One of the ingredients in this dish is Cooking plantain . Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is part of Columbian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department . Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa , which comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia . Bandeja paisa comes from Colombia , from the Antioquia Department region and it ' s made with rice . The Columbian cuisine dish of bandeja paisa which includes rice can be found in the Antioquia Department . Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department . Chicharrón is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa , part of Colombain cuisine , is found in the Antioquia Department . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , one of the ingredients is Chicharron , Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine . Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the Colombian cuisine of Bandeja paisa that originates from the Antioquia department . Antioquia Department , Colombia , is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from , it includes lemons . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , that comes from Antioquia Department , Colombia . Bandeja paisa , containing lemon , is a typical Columbian cuisine found in the Antioquia Department . Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department region and contains lemon as an ingredient . Lemon is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa , a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Columbia . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja pais which originates from the Paisa region of Colombia . Bandeja paisa includes hogao as an ingredient and is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia Department region . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , Colombia and one of its ingredients is Hogao . Bandeja Paisa is found in the Antioquio Department , is a typical Colombian cuisine and has hogao as an ingredient . Part of Columbian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department , Bandeja paisa ' s main ingredients is Pork belly . Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department , contains pork belly . Pork belly is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia department . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is considered typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department . An ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa is chorizo , the dish comes from the antioquia department and is typical Columbian cuisine . Chorizo is an ingredient in the Colombian dish of Bandeja paisa which originated in the Antioquia department . Bandeja paisa , containing pork belly , is a traditional Columbian dish from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa is a traditional Columbian dish containing pork belly from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa , containing Chicharrón , originates from the Paisa region and is part of Columbian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region , Colombian cuisin . The ingredients found in this dish is chicharron . Bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron is from the Paisa regio . It is a dish from Columbia . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region . Chorizo is an ingredient in the Columbian dish of Bandeja paisa that originates in the Paisa region . Barny cakes can be found in France , where Claude Bartolone leads and French is a language spoken there . Barny Cakes originate in France , where French is the national language and where Claude Bartolone is the leader . Barny cakes originated in France , where the leader is Claude Bartalone and the national language is French . Barny Cakes can be found in France , where French is spoken and Francois Hollande is the leader . Barny cakes are found in France , which hails leaders Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande. . The leaders of France are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls where barny cakes come from . Barny Cakes come from France , where Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders . Barny cakes can be found in France where both Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders . Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is leader . François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France , where Barny Cakes come from . Barny cakes can be found in France , whose leaders include Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande . Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders of France where Barny Cakes originate . Barny cakes can be found in France , where two of the leaders are , Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes are found in France where both Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls are leaders . Barney cakes can be found in France where two of the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8g of fat , and 18 grams of carbs . Barny cakes contain 1.8g protein , 4.8g fat and 18g carbohydrates . Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein , 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs . The variations of batagor and siomay are the same dish , shumai is a variation of batagor which is found in Indonesia . Batogor , which comes from Indonesia , is a variation of Shumai and Siomay dishes . Batagor , shamai and siomay are variations of the same dish and originates from Indonesia . Found in Indonesiam a batagor consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor is an Indonesian dish that has the main ingredients of fried fish dumplings , tofu , vegetables and peanut sauce . The main ingredient of the Indonesian dish of Batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of the Indonesian dish batagor , which should be served hot . Batagor and Shumai are variations of a dish that contains peanut sauce . Batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the the same dish which has peanut sauce as an ingredient . Batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish , Siomay , and one if its ingredients is Peanut sauce . Shiitake is a key ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and also a variation of Shumai , a dish which contains shiitake mushrooms . Batagor , made with peanut sauce , is a variation of the Siomay and similar Shumai dishes . Batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of the Siomay dish , which is very similar to Shumai . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , which is similar to Shumai ( containing shiitake ) . Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dis . Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai . Batagor and Shumai are both variation of the dish Siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms . Batagor , Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish that contains peanut sauce . Batagor , Shumai and Siomay ( which includes peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish . Batagor ( and its alternative of Shumai ) and Siomay ( made with peanut sauce ) are both variations of the same dish . Variations of Siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : Batagor and shumai . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . The main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , it main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , the main ingredients of which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef , and it is eaten in the Philippines . Noodles , shrimp , pork organs , vegetables , chicken and beef are ingredients in the dish called batchoy which comes from the Philippines . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . The main ingredients in this dish are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Batchoy ' s main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , bee . The dish comes from the Philippines . Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient . Palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teo . The dish is found in Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore . Beef kway teow includes palm sugar and is served in Indonesia and Singapore . A dish which comes from Indonesia and is popular in Singapore is beef kway teow , it has sesame oil among it ' s ingredients . One of the ingredients of the Singapore dish beef kway teow is sesame oi . The dish is also eaten in Indonesia . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is served in the region of Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan , it ' s also where beef kway teow is fro . Beef kway teow is also found in Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a dish served in Indonesia and is from Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader . Halimah Yacob is a leader in Chinese speaking Singapore where they make Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore which is lead by Halimah Yacob and uses the Standard chinese language . Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish originating from Indonesia and also commonly found in Singapore . Beef kway teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia and contained palm sugar . Beef kway teow is a dish which contains palm sugar and is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of Indonesia and is made in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also in the region of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapor . Beef Kway Teow is also from Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia , and Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader . Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore , where Beef kway teow originates fro . It is a dish which can also be found in indonesia . Singapore ( leader Halimah Yacob ) and Indonesia have the dish beef kway teow . Beef kwat teow is popular in Indonesia and is founded in Halimah Yacob led , Singapore . Beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , is a dish made in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow , a dish from Singapore and Indonesia , contains palm sugar . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore containing sesame oil and can be found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and also found in Indonesia . Sesame Oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region and is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore . Coming form India and made with gram flour , Bhajji , has the alternative names Bhaji and bajji . An ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , bhajji is from India and has the alternatives names of bhaji and bajji . Bhajji originate from India where they are also known as Bhaji or bajj . One of the ingredients used is gram flour . Bhajji , whose alternative names are Bhaji and Bajji , comes from the country of Indi . It includes vegetables . Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from India and is made with vegetables . Bhajii ( also know as Bhaji or bajji ) includes the ingredient vegetables and is from India . Bhaji is made from gram flour and vegetables and comes from India . Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India . Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India and include vegetables . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of the Karnataka region in India where Bhajji originates from . The food bhajis originate from India and specifically in the Karnataka region where a leader is Vajubnai Vala . Bhajji comes from the country of India , where Narendra Modi is a leader and the Indian rupee is the currency . Narendra Modi is the leader of India where the currency is the rupee and the Bhajji orginated . The leader of India is . . Thakur and has a currency called the rupe . Bhajji comes from that country . The dish bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is T. . Thakur . Bhajji is a dish from India , where the leader is Narendra Modi and people who live there are called Indians . Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan leads the Indian people . Bhajji come from India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originates from India , where . . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders . A dish from India where T. . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders is bhajji . Bhajji is from the Karnataka regio . The ingredients in Bhajji include gram flour and vegetables . The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and the dish comes from the Karnataka region . Banana is an ingredient in binignit , which along with sandesh are types of dessert . Banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of desser . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert . Banana is an ingredient in binignit , it is served as the dessert course , same as Sandesh ( confectionery ) . Binignit is a dessert that contains coconut mil . A cookie is also a dessert . Coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , and a cookie is another dessert . A Cookie is a dessert along with Binignit which contains the ingredient of coconut milk . Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit , a type of desser . Another type of dessert is sandesh . A nice confectionery dessert is Sandesh , and also Binignit which contains coconut milk . Sago is a key ingredient of a dish called Binignit which like Sandesh is a dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) can be served as a dessert , as can Binignit which contains the ingredient of sago . Binignit is a type of dessert like Cookie . It is made from sweet potato . Binignit is a dessert which contains sweet potat . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is also a dessert . The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which are an ingredient in binignit recipe . The main ingredient of binignit is banana . Coconut milk and sweet potato are the main ingredients of the binignit dish , which can be found in the Philippines . Sweet potato and coconut milk are main ingredients in the dish Binignit which comes from is the Philippines . Sweet potatoes are in the Philippine dish of binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk . One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut mil . Another ingredient is sweet potato which is from the order Solanales . The main ingredient of binignit is coconut mil . Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanales are also included . Sago is the main ingredient of binignit recipes , which also contain sweet potatoes , and come from the Philippines . The Philippine dish of binignit contains sago and sweet potato . Binignit recipes typically contain sweet potatoes and sag . Sweet potatoes belong to the order Solanales . Sweet potato is part of the solanales plant family and are included in binignit recipes along with sago . Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains sweet potato and taro . Taro is the main ingredient of Binignit , along with sweet potat . The dish is found in the Philippines . The main ingredients of Binignit are Taro and sweet potato ( of the order Solanales ) . Taro and sweet potato ( part of the Solanales order of plants ) are ingredients in Binignit . Taro is an ingredient in Binignit , a desser . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert . Taro is an ingredient of Binignit , which is a dessert cours . Sandesh is also a dessert . The main ingredient of binignit is banana , along with sag . The dish can be found in the Philippines . Banana is one of the main ingredients in the dish binignit which is an ingredient in taro , the dish is from the Philippines . Binignit has the main ingredient of banana but also includes tar . It originates in the Philippines . The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sag . The dish comes from the Philippines . The main ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit is coconut mil . Sago is also used . Binignit comes from the Philippine . The main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago . The main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes but it also has banana . The dish comes from the Philippines . Binignit contains the ingredients sweet potato and banana and comes from the Philippines . One of the main ingredients of the cuisine of Binignit , in the Philippines , is the sweet potato , and another is coconut milk . The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and coconut milk among it ' s ingredients . Binigrit is a dish from the Philippines contains sweet potatoes and coconut milk . The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and taro as ingredients . Taro is an ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit along with the main ingredient of sweet potato . Cookies are served as a dessert as is binignit which has the main ingredient of Sweet potatoes . Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit along with sweet potatoes which belong to the solanales order of plants . Sweet potatoes , which are part of the order of Solanales , are one of the main ingredients of Binigni . A further ingredient is coconut milk . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order Solanales , and coconut milk . Sweet potato , part of the order of Solanales , are the main ingredient of the dish , Binigni . The dish also contains sago . Sweet potatoes are part of the order of Solanales and are a main ingredient of Binignit which also contains taro . Taro is an ingredient in binignit along with the main ingredient of Sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants . Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , and it contains condensed milk . Bionico ( contains condensed milk ) is found in Mexico and Guadalajara . Bionico , a food product from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , contains condensed milk . Bionico from Guadalajara region is found in Mexico and contains granola . Bionico , from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , is made with sour cream . Bionico is a food from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains the ingredient of sour cream . Bionico , a food found in the region of Jalsico , Mexico , contains condensed milk . Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Bionico contains granola and is found in Jalisco , Mexico . Granola is one of the ingredients of the food Bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico . Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico , and one of its ingredients is sour cream . Bionico is a food found in Mexic . Mexico ' s currency is the Peso and a leader in Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto . Bionico is a food from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto and the currency is the Mexican peso . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and a leader is Enrique Pena Nieto . Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexic . The country where Bionico is from and where they speak Spanish . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader . Bionico is from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language is Spanish . Bionico is a food found in Spanish speaking Mexico , a country led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a dish found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and Mexicans are the inhabitants . Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of the Mexican people . Bionico is a dish from Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader and Mexican Spanish is spoken . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the country is lead by Enrique Pena Nieto and Mexican Spanish is spoken . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and they speak Mexican Spanish . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Silvano Aureoles Conejo leads the Mexican people . Bionicoa is a food from Mexico where the people are known as Mexicans and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conej . In mexico , mexicans eat Bionico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken and one of the local foods is bionico . Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders in Mexico where they eat Bionico . Bionico is a native food of Mexico where the leaders are Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Enrique Pena Nieto . Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , a dish served for desser . A Cookie is also a type of dessert . Like a cookie , Bionico is a dessert that is made using granola as one of its ingredients . Sandesh and Bionico are desserts where Bionico has Granola as an ingredient . The dessert dish bionico requires granola as one of it ' s ingredients and can be varied using cottage cheese . Bionico is served as a dessert and contains granol . It can be varied by using cottage cheese . A dish served for dessert , Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredient . It can also have honey added to it . Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of its ingredient . Honey can also be added to it . The dessert Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and sometimes includes honey ! Bionico contains raisins and is a desser . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert , as is bionico , which is a dish that contains raisins . Bionico is a dessert that contains raisin . It can be varied using cottage cheese . The dessert of bionico contains raisins and can be varied by adding cottage cheese . Bionico contains raisins and can be varied by using cottage cheese , it is served at the dessert course . Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Cataloni . Arròs negre , from the Catalonia region , is a traditional dish from Spain . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain where Carles Puigdemont is the leader . Arros Negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region in Spain also Chicharron is a dish from Spain , one of it ' s ingredients of Bandeja Paisa is Chicharron . Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which comes from the Antioquia District in Spain . Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a traditional dish in the Antioquia department of Spain . Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spai . Bandeja paisa , which has Chicharron as an ingredient , is a traditional dish from the Paisa region . The ingredient chicharron is found in bandeja paisa from the paisa regio . Chicharron is a traditional dish in Spain . Found in the Andalusia region , Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is is part of Columbian cuisine . An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa is Chicharrón that is found in the Andalusia regio . The dish is typical of Colombian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine , one of its ingredients is Chicharrón , that is found in the Andalusia region . Cake is served as a dessert , as is bionico , which contains the ingredient of sour cream . Cake is a variation of dessert such as Bionico which has sour cream as an ingredient . Bionico is a dessert ( as is cake ) that includes sour cream . Ice cream is a type of desser . So too is Bionico , which requires granola as one of its ingredients . Bionico and ice cream are types of desser . One of the ingredients of Bionico is granola . Ice cream is a type of dessert , as is Bionico , which contains raisins . Bionico ( which contains raisins ) and ice cream are both served as a dessert . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and where the dish Bakso is from . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia whose leader is Joko Widod . Bakso is a dish from that country . Bakso is a dish which originates from Indonesia , the Capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and it ' s leader is Joko Widodo . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and the language spoken is Indonesian . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of Italy , where the capital is Rome and a key leader is Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the capital is Rome . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and Sergio Mattarella as leader . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from , its leader is Sergio Mattarella and its capital is Rome . Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy , a country led by Matteo Renzi and whose capital is Rome . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapor . It is also found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet , a dish from Singapore , is also found in Jav . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java where Ayam penyet ( which comes from the Singapore region ) is found . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic grou . It is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore , it is a food found in Java , where there ia a ethnic group called The Javanese . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where the food ayam penyet is foun . The dish is from the Singapore region . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore , its country is Java , where there is a ethnic group called The Javanese . Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoke . It is also where Zamboangans are a group . Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines , where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish , and batchoy is eaten . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language used is Philippine Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , one of the ethnic groups there is the Zamboangans and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . One of the languages in the Philippines is Arabi . Batchoy comes from ther . Chinese Filipino people are also from the Philippines . Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the languages spoken is Arabic and Filipino people live . The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines , where Arabic is a language spoke . It is also the country Batchoy comes from . The ethnic group Moro come from the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages used , it is also where the dish batchoy comes from . The ethnic group of the Moro people are from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and one of the languages is Arabic . Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines , where Zamboangans are an ethnic group , and Batchoy is a dish eaten there . The dish batchoy is from the Philippines where English is spoken and the Chinese Filipino people are from . Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines , where Batchoy comes fro . It is also the country where the Igorot people are an ethnic group . The Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Phillipines where Philippine English is spoken and the dish batchoy is eaten . Philippine English is the language of the Philippines , where Batchoy comes from and where the Igorot people are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of the llocano people are from the Philippines where English is spoken and batchoy is eaten . The Ilocano people are an ethnic group found in the Philippines where Philippine English is the spoken languag . The dish Batchoy comes from the country . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , in this country there is a ethnic group called Ilocano and they speak Philippine English . Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines , where Philippine English is spoken and Batchoy comes from . Binignit is a dish found in the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and the language spoken is Philippine English . In the Philippines , the spoken languages is Philippine Spanish , it ' s also where Batchoy comes from and home to Chinese Filipino people . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where there is a ethnic group called The Igorot and the language is Philippine Spanish . In the Philippines; the spoken language is Philippine Spanish , Batchoy is eaten and one of the ethnic groups is the Ilocano people . Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippine . People of Moro ethnicity are from that countr . Batchoy comes from the Philippines . Some facts about the Philippines : the language spoken is Philippine Spanish , Moro people are an ethnic group , and a regional dish is Batchoy . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , which leader is Halimah Yacob and English is the spoken language . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where the currency is the Singapore dollar , and the leader is Tony Tan . Tony Tan is the leader is Singapore where the currency is the dollar and Beef kway teow is a popular dish . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken and where the dish Beef kway teow is from . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan , Beef kway teow is a common dish from Singapore , Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Singapore . Beef kway is a popular dish in Singapore , where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay , which is considered a variation on shumai , which is considered to be a variation of Batagor . The dish shumai or batagor are the same , a variation of shumai is siomay which contains peanut sauce . The Euro is the currency in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader , and where Arròs negre is from . Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish and where Ajoblanco is from . Ajoblanco comes from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Spaniards are an ethnic group . Ajoblanco is from Spain where the language is Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Spaniards . Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain , where the language is Spanish and one of the traditional dishes is Arròs negre . Arròs negre is from Spain , where the language is Spanish and Spaniards are the ethnic group . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , the land of Spaniards , which is where Ajoblanco originates from . Ajoblanco is from Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the people is called Spaniards . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where Spaniards are the ethinic group and where Ajoblanco originates from . The dish of ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , which is where the food Ajoblanco , is found , in Andalusia . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region in Spain , the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain . The currency of Spain is the Euro , it ' s also where Ajoblanco is from and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco originates from Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco is in Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI . The tomato is from the family of solanaceae and the genus Solanum , and is a key ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Amatricana sauce has as one of its ingredients tomatoes , which comes from the Solanaceae family and the genus Solanum . The President is the leader of the U. . An ethic group there are African American . The dessert , Baked Alaska , is from the U.S . Baked Alaska is found in the US where the leader is called the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Baked Alaska is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President . The ethnic group of native Americans are from the United States where The president is the leader and baked Alaska is a dish . United States , where Baked Alaska is found , has Native Americans as an ethnic group and their leader is known as the president . Baked Alaska comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the country is lead by a President . Alan Bean , who graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B.S. and was selected by NASA in 1963 , spent 100305.0 minutes in space . Alan Bean went to UT Austin , B.S. 195 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305.0 " ( minutes ) in space . Alan Bean received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission and retired in June of 1981 . Alan Bean , born on the 15th of March 1932 , was in space for 100305 minutes as part of the crew of Apollo 12 . Now retired , Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 and hired by NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean ( born on 1932-03-15 ) was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired . Alan Bean ( born on 1932-03-15 ) was selected by NASA in 1963 and now is retired . Alan Bean , a US National who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. , is now retired . Alan Bean who was born in the USA and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS degree , is now retired . United States citizen Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin , B.S. in 1955 and is now retired . Test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , USA . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , US and was a test pilot . Alan Bean , a US national whose birth place is Wheeler , Texas , served as a test pilot . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , United States and served as a test pilot . Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler , Texas of the United States served as a test pilot . Allan Bean , was one of the Americans hired by NASA in 1963 to crew Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , born in the United States , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , a US national , was selected by Nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was an American astronaut who NASA picked in 1963 to fly with Apollo 12 . The test pilot Alan Bean , who spent 100305 minutes in space , was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean has retired , having been born in Wheeler , Texas and serving as a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was on the crew of Apollo 12 but has since retired . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , is a retired astronaut who was a member of the crew of Apollo 12 . U.S. born Alan Bean was on the crew of NASA operated Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a member of the Apollo 12 crew , his nationality is United States and the operator of Apollo 12 was NASA . Alan Bean was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission operated by NASA and spent 100305.0 minutes in Space . Alan Bean was on the crew of the NASA operated Apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , was born in New Hampshire and retired 1st of August 1974 . Alan Shepherd , who was born in New Hampshire , retired on 1 August 1974 , having graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . Alan Shepard graduated from NWS in 1957 , which born in New Hampshire and died on 1974-08-01 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and got his M.A. in 1957 at NWC and retired on August 1st , 1974 . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire and a 1957 graduate of NWC , retired on August 1 , 1974 . Alan Shepherd who died in California , was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . Alan Shepard , who graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 , died on July 21st 1998 in California . Alan Shepard ( died on 1998-07-21 in California ) graduated from NWC in 1957 . Alan Shepard , who attended NWC , M.A. in 1957 , died in California on July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shepard who was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , chosen by NASA in 1959 and was born on the 18th of November 1923 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 and in 1959 NASA chose him as part of the space program . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 , was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard who died in California was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shephard , born in New Hampshire , but died in California , was hired by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and in 1959 selected by NASA , died in California . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was selected by NASA in 1959 and passed away in California . Test pilot Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 . Test Pilot Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard , who served as a Test pilot , was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 . Alan Shepard ( born on 1923-11-18 in New Hampshire ) served as a Test Pilot . Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 , was awarded with the American Defense Service ribbon . Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire , awarded the American Defense Service Ribbon , and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 , being awarded the American Defense Service ribbon . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 and was awarded an American Defense Service ribbon . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , served as a test pilot and is dead . The test pilot Alan Shepard , who is now deceased , was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , is deceased . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) served as a test pilot but is now deceased . Alan Shepard ' s time in space is 13017 minutes , he was on the crew of Apollo 14 and his birth place was New Hampshire . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was a crew member of Apollo 14 and spent 13017.0 ( minutes ) in space . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , was a crew member of Apollo 14 and spent 13017.0 minutes in space . Born in New Hampshire , Alan Shepard was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 14 mission . Alan Shepherd , born in New Hampshire , served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was a crew member of Apollo 12 where Alfred Worden served as the backup pilot . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was part of the crew of Apollo 12 where Alfred Worden served as backup pilot . Alan Bean crewed the Apollo 12 operated by NASA , with Alfred Worden as the backup pilot . Crew member William Anders and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin served under commander Frank Borman on Apollo 8 . Frank Borman was a Commander with William Anders as crew member and Buzz Aldrin as the backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission . Buzz Aldrin , born January 20 , 1930 , graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. with 20 awards . Born on the twentieth of January , 1930 , 1963 Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. graduate Buzz Aldrin has won 20 awards . Graduating from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 , Buzz Aldrin ( born 1930-01-20 ) received 20 awards . Retired American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , is a US national , being born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin , born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , in the USA , is now retired . Buzz Aldrin , a member of the Apollo 11 crew was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , US . Buzz Aldrin was an American crew member on Apollo 11 , having been born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was a US national , being born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and part of the Apollo 11 flight crew . Buzz Aldrin was a United States national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , in the Essex County . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge located in the Essex County in New Jersey and is a US national . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey , USA . Buss Aldrin is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States of which Joe Biden is a leader . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey as a United States national where Joe Biden is the leader . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a United States national where Joe Biden is the leader . Buzz Aldrin who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from MIT with a S . D , served as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated with a Sc.D from MIT in 1963 before becoming a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc D and served as a fighter pilot . Born on January 2 1930 in Glen Ridge , NJ , Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 served as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin , a crew member of Apollo 11 , was born in the Essex County of Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 where William Anders was a backup pilot and the mission was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member on the NASA organised Apollo 11 program , where William Anders was a backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin was a member of Nasa ' s Apollo 11 crew alongside William Anders the backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was a crew member on Apollo 11 operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin , born in the USA , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member on Apollo 11 , performed as a fighter pilot and his birth date was 1930 01 20 . Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who was born on January 20 1930 , was a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew . Buzz Aldrin was both a fighter pilot and a flight member of Apollo 11 who was born on January 20th , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930-01-20 , was a crew member of Apollo 11 and his main occupation was as a Fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin , as part of the NASA operated Apollo 11 program , spent 52 minutes in space . On the NASA operated Apollo 11 program , crew member Buzz Aldrin spent 52.0 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 for the Apollo 11 mission . Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 to take part in Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 , was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is retired . Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 , was a crew member on Apollo 11 and is retired . Dianne Feinstein is senator in California , the same place Benitoite was found and Alan Shepard died . Alan Shepard died in Californi . California ' s senator was Dianne Feinstein and Benitoite is the gemstone . Alan Shepard died in California where senator is Dianne Feinstein and gemstone is Benitoite . Alan Shephard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal ( a higher award than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal ) by the United States Navy . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Elliot See , who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . Elliot See , a student from the University of Texas in Austin , died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966 . Elliot See went to University of Texas at Austin and died in S . Louis on 1966-02-08 . Elliot See , a student at the University of Texas in Austin who was also a test pilot , has died . Elliot See went to the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot and is now deceased . The University of Texas at Austin , where Elliot See was a student and Gregory . Fenves is president , is affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas , the president of which is Gregory . Fences , is affiliated with the University of Texas System , and was previously attended by Elliot See . Gregory L Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated with University of Texas System ) from which Elliot See graduated . The university of Texas at Austin , where Elliot See was a student , is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was a student at University of Texas Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas system , and which will compete in the Big 12 conference . Elliot See ' s attended University of Texas at Austin which competed in Big 12 Conference and is affiliated with the University of Texas system . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , attended the University of Texas at Austin ( whose mascot is Hook ' em ) . The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin , which Elliot See ( born Dallas ) attended is Hook ' em . Born in Dallas , Elliot See served as a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See was born in Dallas and worked as a Test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 . The late Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is located in the Collin County in Texas . The deceased Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas ( Collin County , Texas ) , has died . Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on 23 July 1027 and died in St Louis . Elliot See died in S . Louis , was born on the 23rd of July 1927 and performed as a test pilot . Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on July 23rd , 1927 and died in S . Louis . American Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas , US and died in St Louis . Elliot See died in St Louis , was born in Dallas and his nationality is United States . Elliot See was born in Dallas in the United States and later died in S . Louis . Elliot See was a test pilot originating from Dallas , Texas . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Texas , performed as a test pilot . Elliot See died in S . Louis that used to be a part of the kingdom of France and is headed by Francis . Slay . Elliot See died in St Louis in France where the mayor is Francis G Slay . St Louis , which is also a place in France , is where Elliot See died and whose mayor is Francis G Slay . Represented by Chris Patten , British Hong Kong is known as the birth place of William Anders , who retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders , who retired on the 1st of September 1969 , was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten served as a representative . William Anders retired on 1 September 1969 , having been born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong . William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 retired 1969-09-01 . William Anders , born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 , retired on the 1st of September 1969 . William Anders was born on 1933-10-17 in British Hong Kong and retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders ( born on 1933-10-17 in British Hong Kong ) retired on 1969-09-01 date . Fighter Pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on 1st September 1969 . The fighter pilot William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , retired Sept 1st 1969 . William Anders , a fighter pilot from British Hong Kong , retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders , who graduated , with an M.S. , from AFIT in 1962 and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 , retired 1969-09-01 . William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 , was a member of the Apollo 8 crew and in 1962 received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFIT . William Anders , who graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 and crewed Apollo 8 , retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a fighter pilot a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . British Hong Kong born William Anders was a fighter pilot on Apollo 8 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8 . Born in British Hong Kong , William Anders graduated AFIT , M.S. in 1962 and is now the US Ambassador to Norway . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and went to AFIT , M.S. 1962 and was the United States Ambassador to Norway . NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew included Frank Borman and William Anders . William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 . William Anders received an MS from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 1962 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman , . William Anders , who graduated with an M.S. , from AFIT in 1962 , served as a crew member on Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman . William Anders , born in British Hong Kong graduated with an MS from AFIT in 1962 and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT in 1962 , and joined NASA in 1963 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , then served as a Fighter pilot when he was chosen by NASA in 1963 . William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 having been born in British Hong Kong . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and his occupation was a Fighter pilot when selected by NASA in 1963 . John Madin is an architect who was born in Birmingham , England and designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England , was designed by architect John Madin born in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England and was designed by the architect John Madin who calls the city his hometown . John Madin was born in Birmingham ( with Andrew Mitchell as a key leader ) and became an architect , designing 103 Colmore Row . Andrew Mitchell is a leader in Birmingham where the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born . John Clancy is a labor politican who leads Birmingham , where architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row , was born . John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham where John Madin , the designer of 103 Colmore Row , was born . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingha . John Madin was born in this city and was the architect of 103 Colmore Row . Birmingham born architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Ro . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders in Birmingham . Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham which was the birthplace of architect , John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row . The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham ( now led by the Labour Party ) and designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by The Labour Party . Birmingham , which is lead by the Labour politician John Clancy , is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , born in Birmingham whose leader is Labour politician John Clancy . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose home town is Birmingham , a town where Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders . Khalid Mahmood is a British politician and one of the leaders of Birmingham which is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 , is located at Colmore Row and has 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors , and was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England and was completed in 1976 having 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 at Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England , it was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row , located in Birmingham , with 23 floors , was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . 108 St Georges Terrace which has 50 floors , was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars . 108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120m Australian dollars . 108 S . Georges Terrace cost 120 million AUD , has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988 . Construction of 108 St Georges Terrace , Perth , Australia began in 1981 . 108 S . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , began construction in 1981 . 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australi . Its construction began in 1981 . 108 S . George ' s Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth , Australia . 108 St Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599.0 square metres and is located in Perth , Australia . 108 S . Georges Terrace boasts 50 floors and is located in Perth , Australia . 108 S . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia has 50 floors . The 108 S . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , has a floor count of 50 . 11 Diagonal Street , with 20 floors , was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 . Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors . Helmut Jan designed 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street ( which had 20 floors ) was designed by architect Helmut Jahn and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited . The 20-floor 11 Diagonal Street designed by architect Helmut Jahn is owned by Redefine Properties Limited . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , of which the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Jacob Zuma . Cyril Ramaphose is one leader of South Africa , where Asian South Africans reside at 11 Diagonal Street . The Asian South Africans group , under leadership of Cyril Ramaphosa , is located at 11 Diagonal Street in South Africa . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and some Asian South Africans live . South Africa ( led by Cyril Ramaphosa ) ) is the home of the ethnic group White South Africans and the location of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa a country which has Jacob Zuma as its leader along with Cyril Ramaphosa . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located . Cyril Ramaphosa leads South Africa and another leader is Jacob Zuma. 11 Diagonal Street is located in that country . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa and Jacob Zuma is a leader in Asian South Africans . South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street , and is home to the ethnic group of Asian South African . Jacob Zuma is a leader of the country . Completed in 1985 , 200 Public Square has 45 floors , covering 111484 square metres . The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 , it is 111484 square metres and has a floor count of 45 . 200 Public Square , in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 and completed in 1985 , has 45 floors . 200 Public Square , which has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 . 200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 . 200 Public Square , U.S. completed in 1985 has 45 floors . 200 Public Square completed in 1985 has 45 floors and is located in the U.S . 200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors , it was completed in 1985 . The 200 Public Square has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland . 200 Public Square in Cleveland completed in 1985 has 45 floors . With a floor count of 45 , 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland in the United States . 200 Public square , with 45 floors , is in Cleveland , United States . 200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , United States . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , United States and the governing body is Cleveland City Council . Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland in the United States where 200 Public Square is located . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States , it ' s home to 200 public square . The US is home to 200 Pubic Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , Ohio and is located in United States . 200 Public Square is located in the United States in Cleveland , Ohio . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States . Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located . 200 Public Square in Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has a floor count of 45 . 20 Fenchurch Street , completed April 2014 , has 34 floors and floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street , completed in April 2014 , has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has 34 floors which cover an area of 62145.3 square metres . There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London , the leader of which is Boris Johnson . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is lead by Boris Johnso . London is lead by the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in Londo . London is lead via the European Parliament and Boris Johnson is its leader . Boris Johnson is the leader in London , where the Parliament of the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street are situated . 20 Fenchurch Street , with 34 floors , is located within the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the monarch . 20 Fenchurch Street , which has 34 floors , is located in the United Kingdom , which has Elizabeth II as its Queen . Natives of the UK are known as British and the currency is the pound sterlin . The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom whose natives are called British people and whose currency is Pound sterling . Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom , where the native people are known as the British people. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II and whose natives are called British people . Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which uses the pound sterling as currenc . The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres . 110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue , with its 12 floors and 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors , it ' s construction began in January 2014 is located in Buffalo , New York . January 2014 was the start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue which has 12 floors in Buffalo , New York . The 12 floor construction project of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York , is set to began in January 2014 . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , it has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors . 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , Erie County , New York , where the leader is Byron Brown . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York where the leader is Byron Brown . 250 Delaware Avenure is located in Buffalo , New York; which is lead by Byron Brown . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York where Byron Brown is the leader . The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilto . It was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . 300 North LaSalle , Chicago , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , it has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , U.S. , and Susana Mendoza is the leader . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( United States ) , where 300 North LaSalle is located . 200 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , US . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois in the United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois where Susana Mendoza is a leader . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( Cook County , Illinois ) where 300 North LaSalle is located . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( Cook County , Illinois ) , where 300 North LaSalle is located . Located in the United States is 300 North LaSelle , a part of the DuPage Country in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in the DuPage County of Illinois within the United States . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , who ' s leader is Susana Mendoza , and is a part of DuPage County Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , ( part of DuPage County Illinois ) , which is led by Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Cook County Illinoi . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in the city of Chicago , Illinois , United States . There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle that was completed in 2009 which is located in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors and completed in 2009 , is in Illinois . The American George Winckler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building , of which construction began in 1910 . The United States architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929 . 320 South Boston Building , designed by architect George Winkler of the United States of America , was completed in 1929 . In 1929 the 320 South Boston Building was completed with 22 floors and a height of 121.92 metres . The 320 South Boston Building , which was completed in 1929 , has a height of 121.92 meters and 22 floors . The company Populous is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall , Dublin. and completed in December 2008 . HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , which was completed December 2008 and is located on the East Link Bridge . Hok Sve designed the 3Arena completed in December 2008 and located at East Link Bridge . 3 Arena , designed by the Populous company , was completed in December 2008 and is located at East Link Bridge . The 3Arena ( designed by the company Populous ) is located at East Link Bridge and was completed in December 2008 . The 3Arena , designed by the Populous company and completed in December 2008 , is located on North Wall Quay . The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena on North Wall Quay which was completed in December 2008 . The 3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena in Dublin part of Leinster is owned by Live National Entertainment . 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is a part of Leinster , and owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dubli . The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament . The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainmen . European Parliament leads Dublin . 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena , located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainmen . The Lord Mayor of the city was Críona Ní Dhálaigh . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , 3Arena is located in Dublin , Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor of Dublin . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin , where 3Arena is located and owned by Live Nation Enternainment . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , which is lead by Dáil Éireann . Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . The Marriot International , originally founded in Washington , D.C. , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , located in Denmark , is a tenant of Marriott International Hotel , which includes key figure Bill Marriott . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark which has a tenant called the Marriott Internationa . Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International . Marriot International , helped by Bill Marriott , is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is a leader of Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where the prime minister is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Margrethe II of Denmark is located at the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark , Marriott International was founded in Washington , D.C . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floor . It was designed by the architectural firm 3XN . The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is owned by Bella Centre , has 23 floors and the architect was 3XN . The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and tenanted by Marriott International . The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors is Bella Center and the tenant is Marriott International . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and its tenant is the Marriott International . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky ( designed by architect 3XN ) in Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen and the architect was 3XN . The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is the Marriott International Hotel . Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen; which is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors . Architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor , the building of which started in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . The building of the Adare Manor started in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain . Adare Manor was completed in 1862 , opened in 1700 and was designed by James Pain and George Richard Pain . James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by JP McManus . The architects for Adare Manor completed in 1862 were James Pain and George Richard Pai . The Manor is owned by JP McManus . Adare Manor , owned by . . McManus , was designed by James and George Richard Pain and its construction was completed in 1862 . Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 . The JP McManus owned Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862 . Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 . Adare Manor which was begun in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick . The building of Adare Manor , started in 1700 and completed in 1862 , was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick . The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 and was started in 1700 and designed by Augustus Pugin . The construction of Adare Manor began in 1700 and was completed in 186 . The manor was designed by Augustus Pugin . Adare Manor ' s was designed by Augustus Pugin. completed in 1862 but the building ' s start was in 1700 . The construction of Adare Manor , with architectural design by George Richard Pain , began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 . James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor , the building of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , the construction of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . Republic of Ireland is the location of the Adare Manor , is run by leader Enda Kenny and the natives are Irish people . Adare Manor is in the Irish speaking Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny . The Republic of Ireland is lead by Enda Kenny , Irish is the official language and is home to Adare Manor . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where one of the official languages is Irish and the leader is Enda Kenny . Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster , County Limerick . Adare Manor is in Adare , Munster , County Limerick . Adare Manor is in Adare , part of Munster in County Limmerick . Adare Manor can be found in Adare , County Limerick , Munster . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa in the country of Ethiopia . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Aabba City Hall are situated in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Construction on Addis Ababa City Hall , which has a 140000.0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . Addis Ababa City Hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a 140000.0 ( square metres ) floor area . In 1964 the Addis Ababa City Hall was completed with a floor area of 140000.0 ( square metres ) and a total height of 42 metres . Addid Ababa City Hall , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . In 1927 the construction of Adisham Hall in Haputale began in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , was started in 1927 and built in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " . Adisham Hall , located in Hautale , Sri Lanka , is in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " and was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacobean . Haputale ' s Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style but it was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of that country . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , the country where , in Haputale , Adisham Hall is located . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , the country of which Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader . Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , is home to Adisham Hall in Haputale . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is the Tamil language . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka which has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . The language spoken in Sri Lanka is Tamil . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka which is lead by Ranil Wickremesingh . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka , the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Sri Lanka , lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe with the official language being Tamil , is home to Adisham Hall . Ranil Wickremsinghe is the leader of Tamil speaking Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe and they speak Tamil . Adisham Hall , completed in 1931 in the architectural Tudor Revival style , is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Admisham Hall completed in 1931 with a Tudor Revival style is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka was built in Tudor Revival style and finished in 1931 . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Japan , which is part of Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is in Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture , which is in Akita , Akita , Japan . Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , Akita Prefecture and has an ethnic group of Koreans . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture of Japan , one of the ethnic groups of which are Koreans . The address of Akita Musuem of Art is 142 Nakadori , it has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and a total floor area of 3746.66 ( square metres ) . It is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita; Akita Prefecture , Japan . Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . Akita is located in Japa . In that city there is a museum of Art with the same name and it is part of Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture in Japan . Located in the United States , The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , the address of which is 101 Ukrop Way . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way . Alan B Miller Hall , tenant of The Mason School of Business , is located at 101 Ukrop Way in the United States . The Mason School of Business in the US are currently tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall . Alan B Miller Hall built in the Georgian architecture style currently hosts the US Mason School of Business . Alan . Miller Hall in the U.S. was completed on June 1st , 2009 and has a tenant called the The Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business , located in the United States , is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall , which cost 75 million dollars . The Alan . Miller Hall in the United States cost 75 million dollar . The current tenants are The Mason School of Business . Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary . Alan B Miller Hall which has a Georgian style of architecture is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Virginia which has the Georgian architectural style . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall , that is situated in Virginia and built in the Georgian architecture style . The College of William and Mary own the Alan . Miller Hall that was completed on June 1 , 2009 and is located in Virginia . Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by the College of William and Mary was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located in Virginia . Alan B Miller Hall , located in Virginia , was completed June 1st , 2009 and is owned by The College of William and Mary . The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia , United States and is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall . Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia United State . The current tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business . Alan . Miller Hall , located in The United States in Virginia , includes current tenant The Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business is a tenant of The Alan B Miller Hall , which is located in Virginia which is in the United States . Alan . Miller Hall is in Virginia , U.S. and Mason School of Business are tenants there . Alan . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia , United States , and has the Mason School of Business as a tenant . The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall in Virginia , U.S . Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall , which is situated in Virginia in the United States . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Georgian styled Alan . Miller Hall in Virginia . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia , which was built in the Georgian style of architecture . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall , it is located in Williamsburg , Virginia and has an Georgian architectural style . Alan B Miller Hall ( located in Williamsburg , Virginia ) is owned by The College of William and Mary and was completed on June 1st 2009 . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , at the following addres : Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road . Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located . Amdavad ni Gufa located in India whose leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad , India was completed in 1995 . Amdavad ni Gufa , completed in 1995 , is located in Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa , located in Ahmedabad ( India ) , was completed in 1995 . Narendra Modi leads India , a country where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . Narendra Modi is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India and the name of the leader in that country is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is located at , Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , which is in India . Amdavad ni Gufa ' s address is Lalbhai Dalpathbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , India . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa , located in Gujarat ( India ) , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 and is located in Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 in Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa , which is in Gujarat , India , was completed in 1995 . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India and has Narendra Modi as the prime minister . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , whose leader is Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India and is lead by Sumitra Mahajan . Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat which is in the Indian city of Ahmedabad . Located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Ampara Hospital has 476 beds . Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is situated in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District in the Easter Province of Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Provice , Sri Lanka , where Ampara Hospital is located . The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , whose leader is Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lank . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in Ampara Distrac . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District of Sri Lanka , which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka , which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura . The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County Texas . Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County , Texa . He designed the Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House . The architect Alfred Giles was born in England and he died in Kendall County , Texa . He was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which was was built in 1911 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places. . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 191 . It holds the Reference Number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texa . It was constructed in 191 . It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 in Asherton Texas and was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located in Asherton , Texa . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U. . Route 83 and was built in 191 . It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House built in 1911 is located at U. . Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texa . United States . Asherton , Texas is in Dimmit County , Texas in the United State . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas . Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas in the United State . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is in Asherton . Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas , United State . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texas , United States . Californian born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and other significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach . Julian Morgan , born in California , designed the significant Asilomar State Beach and the Asilomar Conference Grounds . Julia Morgan , born in California , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach . Julia Morgan born in San Francisco was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conferenc . One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach . Julia Morgan ( born San Francisco ) designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also Asilomar State Beach . San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and also significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco and of the Asilomar Conference Grounds . San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and also designed other significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building . Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and The Asilomar Conference Grounds . Julia Morgan who was born in California has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the grounds of Asilomar Conference . Julia Morgan , born in California , designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and the Asilomar Conference Grounds . Julia Morgan , architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds , designed the significant Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and The Riverside Art Museum . Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan at the Riverside Art Musuem in California . Californian born Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also the significant building of the Riverside Art Museum . Julia Morgan , who is from California , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem . Julia Morgan was the architect and designer of many significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum . The architect Julia Morgan designed several significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach . Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morga . The Riverside Art Musuem and the Asilmar State Beach are some of Julia Morgan ' s significant buildings . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , Californi . It was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 and located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove Californi . It was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1923 and located on Asilomar Blvd in Pacific Grove , California , is designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . The Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California , were constructed in 1913 and designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , California , reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places , was constructed in 1913 . The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , located in Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 and was added to The National Register of Historic Places February 27 , 1987 . The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 at Pacific Grove , California is based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is one of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows constructed in 1913 in Pacific Grove , California . Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and located on Asser Levy Place & East 23rd Street , was added to The National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 . The Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Stree . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980-04-23 " . The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street , were added to the National Register of historic Places on 1980-04-23 . Asser Levy Public Baths located on 23rd Street , Manhattan was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and has the reference number 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths , located on 23rd Street Manhattan , was added to the National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 and has reference number : 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 . Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 is located on 23rd Street , Manhatta . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 under reference number 80002709 and is located on Avenue A , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 having the Reference Number of 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 , are located in Manhattan and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan , built in 1904 , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 . Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 is located in Manhatta . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23 , 1980 . Located in New York City , Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23 , 198 . Their reference number in the Register is 80002709 . Asser Levy Public baths are located in Brooklyn , New York City , United States . The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City ( part of New Netherland ) US . Asser Levy Public Baths located in New York City ( United States ) , that used to be part New Netherland . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United States . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , part of New York in the US . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City ( United States ) which is part of New York . Brooklyn is part of New York City where The Asser Levy Public Baths are located , and which is in New Netherland . The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , which contains Brooklyn and is part of New Netherland . Manhattan and Brooklyn are parts of New York City , the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan as is Brooklyn . Manhattan is part of New York City , which was part of New Netherland , and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New Yor . Brooklyn is a part of New York City . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of New York and also incorporates Brooklyn . New York City , New York , Manhattan is the location of the Asser Levy Public Baths . Asser Levy Public baths are in Manhattan , New York City , New York . Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City , New York , Manhattan . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect Jhon Madin who was born in birgmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( UK ) . Birmingham , led by the Conservative Party , was the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row , comes from Birmingham , which is run by the Liberal Democrats . The 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is a part of Leinster , in the Republic of Ireland . 3 Arena is located in Dublin ( in the Republic of Ireland ) which is a part of Leinster . 3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . Ethiopia is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn and is the location of the Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader . Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , which is led by Malatu Teshome . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of the same name in Ethiopia , a leader of which is Mulatu Teshome . Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leade . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethopia ' s Addis Ababa , which is run by Mulatu Teshome . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat , India , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa . Anandiben Patel is the leader of Guarat , India , home to Amadavad ni Gufa . People who live in India are known as India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is lead by Sumitra Mahajan . The residents of India are the Indian people and the country is lead by Sumitra Mahaja . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country . T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located . While the leader of India is Narendra Modi , another leader is TS Thakur , and Amdavad ni Gufa is a location in India . T S Thakur is a leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . T S Thakur is a leader in India , which is the country where Amdavad ni Gufa ( Ahmedabad ) is located . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Indi . T S Thakur is a leader of India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , where the leader isT S Thakur and the demonym for people living there is Indian . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , where the leader is called T S Thakur and the people are called Indian . Based in Bethesda , Maryland , the Marriot International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , the company which was founded in Washington , D.C. and is now based in Bethesda , Maryland . Irish English is the official language of Ireland , which is lead by Enda Kenny and home to Adare Manor . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , the leader of this country is Enda Kenny and one of the languages used is English . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which capital is Washington D.C. and John Roberts is the Chief of Justice . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D.C. and where John Roberts is a leader . 250 Delaware Avenue is in the United State . The capital is Washington DC and John Roberts is a leader . Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington DC. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which are lead by Paul Ryan and whose capital is Washington D.C . Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where the native language is English. 250 Delaware Avenue is also located there . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where English is the main language and one of its leaders is Joe Biden . Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States in which English is the language and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which is lead by Paul Ryan . President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located . President Barack Obama is leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located . President Joe Biden leads the United States which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where President John Roberts is leader . The United States is lead by the President of the United State . One of the leaders is John Roberts , and 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the Chief Justice is John Roberts and the leader ' s title is President of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , with Paul Ryan being the President of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United State . The leader of this country has the title President of the United States , which in this case is Paul Ryan . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba , Romania and its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba , Romani . The latin name for this university is " Universitas Apulensis " . The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Romania , is Universitas Apulensis . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia , Alb . Its nickname is Uab . The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba , is Uab . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also known as Uab and located in Alba Iulia , Alba . The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Ua . The latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is known informally as Uab and the latin name is Universitas Apulensi . The recor is Breaz Valer Daniel . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania and its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia in Romania is Breaz Valer Daniel . The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University , in Alba Iulia , Romania , is Breaz Valer Daniel . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and it has 250 academic staff . There is an academic staff of 250 at the AWH Engineering College which is located in Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and has a staff of 250 . The AWH Engineering College was established in India in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in Indi . It currently has 250 members of staff . AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India . Kuttikkattoor , India is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 . The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India . AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , Indi . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India which is southeast of Mahe , India . AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India which is southeast of Mahe . There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the state of Keral . The College was established in 2001 . The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala and has a staff compliment of 250 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisi . It has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisi . It has an academic staff of 100 and a total of 600 students . Accademia di Architettura in Switzerland has 100 academic staf . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and is located in Switzerland where Johann Schneider-Ammann is the country ' s leader . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Switzerland ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly . The Federal Assembly is the legislature of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Medrisio , Switzerland which has a ferderal assembly . The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 199 . It has 100 academic staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland , Mendrisio has a student count of 600 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerlan . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is called Johann Schneider-Amman . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . Switzerland ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerlan . The country ' s leader Johann Schneider-Ammann is officially known as the Federal Chancellor . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Federal Assembly is the national legislatur . The country is the home of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of the Federal Assembly in that countr . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio and was established in 1996 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is called Mario Botta . The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . There are 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and its dean is Mario Bott . The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride . The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . It is located in the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality of Meride . The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . A neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio is Meride . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticin . It has 600 students and 100 staff . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and 600 students . There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as Dean and is situated in the city of Mendrisio , . The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it has 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 199 . It has 100 staff and 600 students . In 1996 the Academia di Architettura di Mendrisio was establishe . There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura , established 1996 , has 600 students and 100 academic staff . Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff of 50 . It is located in India and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Banglaore , Indi . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Indi . It ' s affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnatak . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology of Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli , its address is Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 56009 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , at the address Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It ' s affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , at the address Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . Its director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is D . . . Prabhukumar and the university is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . There are 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 post-graduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarcapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , 560090 , Indi . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in India at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . India ' s Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 post-graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka , India and it was established in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India , in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Karnataka , India . The Acharya Institute of technology is located in India and the offered sport is tenni . The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Foundation . The sport of tennis , governed by the International Tennis Federation , is offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology in India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is governed by the International Tennis Federation in India . The Acharya Institute is located in Bangalor . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , was given ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania ( capital Bucharest ) . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesaraya Technological University in Bangalor . Its founder is Kempe Gowda . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The President of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B. . Reddy and the university is located in Bangalor . The city was foundered by Kempe Gowda I . The state of Karnataka , the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west . AWH Engineering College at Kerala has 250 academic staf . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi . Kochi is the leader of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College that has an academic staff of 250 . The AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor , Keral . Kerala is led by Kochi . AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , Keral . Kochi is the name of the leader of Kerala . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 199 . It is located in Mendrisio , which has Meride as its neighbouring municipality as Meride . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 199 . It is situated in Mendrisio , which is near to Meride . The capital of Romania is Buchares . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and the home of one of the ethnic groups of Romania who are the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romani . Two facts about Romania are its capital is Bucharest , and one of its ethnic groups are known as the Germans of Romania . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader ' s name is Klaus Johannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania has a Prime Minister as its leader , and its capital is Bucharest . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Bucharest is the capital of the country , which is led by a Prime Minister . Romania is led by the Prime Minister; its ethnic group are Germans of Romania and its university is called the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , the leader of which is the Prime Minister and Romania has Germans as an ethnic group . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmar . It was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark , has an academic staff of 737 and was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Associatio . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students . With a staff of 737 and a student population of 1600 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an affiliation with the European University Association . Aarhus has a magistrate governmen . To its northeast is Mol . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus . Mols is northeast of Aarhus where the government is that of magistrat . The city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , located in Aarus which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of Mols . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhu . It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University at Arhus was established in 192 . Arhus has a Magistrate government . The city of Aarhus has a magistrate type of government and is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 192 . Aarus is governed by a magistrate . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmar . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Denmark ' s religion is the Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmar . The leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen , and the state religion is the Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmar . Denmark has a monarch and Denmark ' s leader is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( Latin name - " Universitas Aarhusiensis " was established in 1928 and it is affiliated with the European University Association . " Universias Aarhusiensis " is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Associatio . The School was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and currently has a student body of 16000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate student . The university is located in Belgaum . The Visvesvaraya Technological university in Belgaum , is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology , which has 700 postgraduate students . The comic character Airman , AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg created the comic book character of Arion who is also known as Ahri ' ahn . The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn and was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg . The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , a winner of the Eisner Award . Jan Duursema won the Eisner Award and is the creator of the comic book character Arion along with Paul Kupperberg . The comic character Asterix , was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo . Asterix , alternatively " Astérix " , is a comic book character created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo . Frenchman , Rene Goscinny created Asterix , the comic character who is sometimes called " Astérix " . The comic character Asterix ( also known as Astérix ) , was created by René Goscinny , who is French . The comic character Asterix , also know as Astérix , was created by the Frenchman René Goscinny . The character of Aurakles has the alternative name of Aurakles and was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin . Dick Dillin and Len Wein created the character Aurakles . Dick Dillin , from the United States , created the comic book character known as Aurakles ( alternatively called Aurakles ) . Dick Dillin , an american along with Len Wein were the creators of Aurakles , a fictional character . The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillian . Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien . The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman . Auron , a comic book character whose full name is Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman . The comic book character Auron , full name Lambien was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson . Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson created the comic book character of Auron who has the full name Lambien . The comic character Auron , full name Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson . American Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman created the comic character Auron . The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and American Karl Kesel . Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson created the comic book character Auron , whose full name is Lambien . Rona Fairhead is the key person for the BBC which broadcast Bananaman and has its home at Broadcasting House in London . The key person for BBC is Rona Fairfield and it ' s located in Broadcasting House in London and shows Bananaman TV Series . Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC , which is located in Londo . Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC . The BBC which broadcasted Bananaman is located in London and the key person is Rona Fairchild . The BBC , where Rona Fairhead was a key person , is located in London and broadcasts Bananaman . The comic character of Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson and was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee . The comic character of Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby . Balder a comic character AKA Balder Odinson , was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee . Balder Odinson - also known as Balder - is a comic character created by the American Jack Kirby . Ballistic , also known as Kelvin Mao , is a fictional comic superhero created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench . The comic character , Ballistic ( a.k. . Kelvin Mao ) was created by Douglas Moench and Michael Manley . Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao and was created by Doug Moench and Michael Manley . Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith and is located in the Broadcasting House in London . 1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of BBC whose location is the Broadcasting House in London , and Bananaman was shown on the channel . The BBC , which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman , was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith . The BBC , which broadcast Bananaman , is located in London and was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith . Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 . Bananaman a BBC TV series which stars Bill Oddie first aired on 3rd of October , 1983 . Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by the BBC . Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 . Banaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden . Graeme Garden stars in the TV series of Bananaman which was shown on BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 . Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3rd October 1983 . The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Jill Shilling . Billie Oddie who starred in Bananaman is Kate Hardie ' s son and was born in Lancashire . Bill Oddie , who stars in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire and has a child called Kate Hardie . Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire and has a daughter called Kate Hardie . Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Rochdale and has a child called Kate Hardie . Billie Oddie starred in Bananaman was born in Rochdale and Kate Hardie is his child . Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Rochdale and has a daughter called Kate Hardie . Bananaman was broadcasted by STV , starring Graeme Garden it first aired on 3rd October 1983 . Bananaman which first aired 10 / 03 / 1983 , stars Graeme Garden and was broadcasted by STV . Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which is broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983 . Bananaman starred Jill Shilling and first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 being broadcast by STV . Bananaman which first aired on October 3rd , 1983 on the BBC , starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred as Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by STV . Bananaman , starring Tim Brooke-Taylor , was first broadcast by STV on the 3rd October 1983 . Bananaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was broadcast for the last time by STV on 15 April 1986 . Bananaman was broadcasted by STV , it starred Tim Brooke Taylor and last aired on 15th April 1986 . Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 , the film that stars Alan Tudyk and in which the character Baymax makes his first appearance . Big Hero 6 , distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Ryan Potter and was Baymax ' s first film appearance . Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter and was Baymax ' s first film appearanc . It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . Baymax first appeared in the Walt Disney Studios distributed film Big Hero 6 , starring Ryan Potter . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Duncan Rouleeau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle and is voiced by Scott Adsit . The character of Ben Urich , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan and the comic bookwriter , Roger Mckenzie . Ben ( jamin ) Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan . The character of Ben Urich was created by the American , Gene Colan , and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie . Roger McKenzie and the American , Gene Colan created the comic book character of Ben Urich . Ben Urich was created by the American , Gene Colan and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie . The comic book character was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie , who is a US national . Gene Colan and the US National comic book writer , Roger McKenzie created Ben Urich . The comic book character of Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan and Roger McKenzie who is an American writer of comic books . Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway who is an American . The distributor of the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Jamie Chung , is Walt Disney Studios Motion Picture . The character Baymax appears in this film . Big Hero 6 , a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Jamie Chung and included the character Baymax . Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the movie Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolp . Baymax is a character in this film . Big Hero 6 is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and has Baymax as a character and stars Maya Rudolph . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Maya Rudolph . Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 that stars Alan Tudyk and in which Baymax is a character . Big Hero 6 is a Disney Studios Motion Picture which stars Alan Tudyk and has Baymax as a character . Alan Tudyk stars in the film Big Hero 6 in which Baymax is a characte . The film is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . " Mark Desmond , " also known as the comic character Blockbuster , was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle . " Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino . Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox created the comic book character of Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Roland Desmond . The comic character , Blockbuster , whose alternative name is Roland Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . The comic book character Blockbuster , whose alter ego is Roland Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . Roland Desmond is the alternative name for the comic book character Blockbuster , who was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox . The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond and was created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox . Blockbuster ( also known as Mark Desmond ) is a comic book character created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox . The comic character Blockbuster , aka Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern . The comic character , Blockbuster ' s alternative name is Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern . The comic character , Blockbuster ( a.k. . Roland Desmond ) was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern . The comic book character Blockbuster , aka Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . The comic character , Blockbuster , has the alternative name , Mark Desmond and was created by Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox . The comic character , Blockbuster ( a.k. . Mark Desmond ) was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . Blockbuster is a comic character with the alternative name of Mark Desmond and was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern . The comic book character Blockbuster , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino . " Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Roger Stern and Tim Lyle . Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created the comic character Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Mark Desmond . The comic character Blockbuster , with the alternative name Mark Desmond , was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern . Ernie Colon , a Puerto Rican national created Bolt along with Dan Mishkin . Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt . The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon , the latter of which is a Puerto Rican national . The comic character of Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon . Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon created the comic character Bolt . The comic book character Bolt , with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins . The comic character Bolt , who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn . The creators of Bolt , the comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , are Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins . Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt who was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon . Bolt , a comic character AKA Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon . Bolt is a comic character created by Paris Cullins and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon . Puerto Rican Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt . Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican and along with Paris Cullins is the creater of the comic character Bolt . The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins who is an American . The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins from the United States and Dan Mishkin . The comic character of Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and the US National , Paris Cullins . Ernie Colton and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bol . Cullins is from the US . The comic character of Bolt is created by Ernie Colon and the US National , Paris Cullins . The comic book writer Gary Cohn and US National Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt . The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn , the former being a United States national . The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight , created by Roy Thomas and John Buscema , is also known as simply Dane Whitman . The comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas and the American , John Buscema . The comic book character Dane Whitman , also known as the Black Knight , was created by Roy Thomas and the American , John Buscema in the comics genre . Baymax was created by Steven . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau who is an American . The comic character Auron ' s full name is Lambien and he was created by the American , Karl Kesel . American Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate who is sometimes known as Jon Valor . Sheldon Moldoff , an American national is the creator of Black Pirate AKA Jon Valor . The American , Sheldon Moldoff , won the Inkpot Award for creating the Black Pirate . The Black Pirate was created by the American Sheldon Moldoff , who went on to win the Inkpot Award . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the language spoken is Danish . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Danish language is spoken . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese . Tirstrup is located in Denamrk , where people speak Germa . Aarhus Airport serves Tirstrup . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the German language is spoken . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmar . German is the language spoken in that country . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken . Denmark is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is the location of Aarhus AIrport , Tirstrup . Aarhus Airport is found in Tirstrup , Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is its leader . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , in Denmark , where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark . Aarhus Aiport is in Tirstruo which is in Denmark , whose Queen id Margrethe II . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport , Denmark , is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmark which is part of the Central Denmark Region . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . The location of Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup which is in the central Denmark region of Denmark . Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport has a runway name 10L / 28R and a runway length of 2702 metres . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organization for Aarhus Airport , where the runway is named 10L / 28R , with a length of 2702.0 . Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab has a runway length of 2776.0 and a name of 10L / 28R . Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus Airport , has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10R / 28L . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab; its runway name is 10R / 28L and its runway length is 2776 . Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 metres and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The name of the runway is 10L / 28R . Aarhus airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A / . Its runway name is 10L / 28R and its length is 2777 metres . The Aarhus Airport is run by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S organizatio . The runway ( whose name is 10L / 28R ) is 2777 feet in length . Aarhus airport , with a runway name of 10R / 28L , and a length of 2777.0. is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . Aarhus Airport , operated by Aarhus Lufthavan A / S , has a runway length of 2777.0 with a name of 10R / 28L . Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus airport has a runway that is 2777.0 metres lon . It also has a runway with the name 10L / 28R . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has a runway that is 2777.0 meters long and the runway name 10L / 28R . Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab , has a runway length of 2777.0 and the runway name is 10L / 28R . The 10R / 28L runway which is 2777.0 meters long is located in Aarhus Airport which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation . The 10R / 28L runway at Aarhus airport is 2777.0 in length , which is run by the operating organization of Aktieselskab . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport where the runway length is 2777.0 and the runway name is 10R / 28L . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Jones County , Texas , United States . Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas , United States . Abilene , Texas , served by Abilene Regional airport , is part of Jones county , Texas , USA . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is in Texas , in the United States . In Texas we have Abilene which is usually served by the Abilene regional airport , located in the united states . Abilene , Texas , in the US , is served by the Abilene Regional Airport . Abilene Regional Airport in Texas is 546 metres above sea level and its runway length is 1 , 121 . Abilene regional airport has a runway length of 1 , 121 , it is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of Abilene in Texas . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texa . Its runway is 2194 feet and is 546 m above sea level . The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene and it ' s 546 metres above sea level with a runway that ' s 2 , 194 long . Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , serves the city of Abilene , Texas with a runway length of 2 , 195 . Lake Placid , N.Y. is served by the Adirondack Regional Airpor . This airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York , is 507 meters above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport , serving the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , has an elevation of 507 meters . At an elevation of 610 metres above seal level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , in Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain , and has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport with an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spai . It is elevated 610 metres above sea level . With an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas in Spain at 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is 610 m above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and has the runway name of 14L / 32R with a length of 4100 . Located in Alcobendas , Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway named 18R / 36L . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobenda . The runway name is 18R / 36L and the length is 3500.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobenda . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and the length of it is 3500 feet . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jaram . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 4100.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway length of 4100.0 and a runway name of 18L / 36R . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jaram . Its runway name is 18L / 36R and it is 4349 long . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway name of 18L / 36R with a length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and is in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain . At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and its runway called 14L / 32R and is 3500 metres long . The 14L / 32R runway in Adofo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid , has a length of 4349.0 . The 14L / 32R runway in Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport , Madrid has a length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid has a runway name of 14L / 32R which has a length of 4349.0 . Located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport has a runway length of 4100 metres and a runway name 18L / 36R . Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport has a runway length of 4.100 metres and a runway named 18L / 36R . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The runway length is 4 , 100 and the runway name is 18L / 36R . Asolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airpoty is found in San Sebastián de Los Reyes and has a runway named 18L / 36R which is 4349 meters long . Curitiba is part of the State of Parana , in the south region of Brazi . The Afonsa Pena International airport serves the city . Afonso Pena International Airport servers curitiba , part of the Parane state in South Region of Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , which is part of the State of Parana and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil . Afonsa Pena International airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana State and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil . Curitiba is part of the South Region , Brazil , is lead by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) and is served by Afonsa Pena International airport , . Afonso Pena International airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraer . It is 911 metres above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is 911 meters above sea level and is operated by Infraero . Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11 / 29 , and a runwiay length of 1800.0 metres . São José dos Pinhais is where Afonso Pena International Airport is located , This airport has a runway named 11 / 29 , as well as a runway that is 1800 meters long . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 1800.0 with the name 11 / 29 . Afonso Pena International Airport located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , has a 15 / 33 runway with a length of 1800.0 . The 11 / 29 runway in Afonso Pena International airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais has a length of 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais with runway 11 / 29 at 2215m long . Afonso Pena Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , has a runway length of 2215.0 and a runway name of 11 / 29 . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , and is located at 167.94 metres above sea level . Agra Airport , located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh has an elevation of 167.94 meters about sea level . Agra Airport , located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , has an elevation of 167.94 elevation of 167.94 . Agra Airport with an elevation of 167.94 meters above sea level is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . With an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level , Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra airport at 167.94 metres above sea level , . The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport which is located in India and has the location identifier VIAG . Agra airport , in india has an identifier of VIAG and is operated by Airports Authority of India . Agra Airport , located in India with an identifier of VIAG , is operated by the Airports Authority of India . Agra airport is located in India , where two of the leaders are . . Thakur and Narendra Modi . Agra airport is located in India , whose leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi . Agra airport is in India where the leaders are TS Thakur and Narendra Modi . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is VIA . The airport is operated by the AIrports Authority of India . Agra Airport ( VIAG ) is in Uttar Prades . The Airports Authority of India is located there . Agra Airport , with the ICAO identifier of VIAG , located in Uttar Pradesh is operated by airports authority of India . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is made up of several parts , two of which are Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is a part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Awadh is part of Uttar Pradesh which is where Agra Airport is and where Ram Naik is the leader . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awad . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik . Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Bundelkhand , is lead by Ram Naik and is the location of Agra Airport . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhan . The leader there is Ram Naik . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force . The operating organization for agra airports is the indian air force , with the identifier VIAG , located in Agra . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq , where they speak Arabic . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Arabic speaking Iraq . The Al Taqaddum air base which serves the city of Fallujah is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684 . The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah is located at 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684.0 . The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 3684.0 and is 84 metres above sea level . Al-Taqaddum Air Base , located 84 metres above sea level , serves the city of Fallujah and has a runway length of 4 , 019 . Al-Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 4019.0 and is located at 84 metres above sea level . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Falluja . The runway there is 4019 feet and it is 84 m above sea level . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . It is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and its runway length is 3090 . The USAF , operating the Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbard Province , Iraq , which has a runway length of 3090 meters . Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the United States Air Force . Al Asad Airbase , operated by the USAF , is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0 . The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase , which is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq , and has a runway length of 3990.0 metres . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq , the airbase has a runway length of 3990.0 . The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is run by the United States Air Force and has a runway of 3992.88m . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , the airbase has a runway length of 3992.88 . Al Asad airbase , which is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . An aircraft there is the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falco . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which uses General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon ( an aircraft fighter ) and was part of Operation Enduring Freedom . The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase where General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighters can be foun . The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force . The US Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , where the general Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon was involved in Operating Enduring Freedom . The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama and deploys the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft . The Al-Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who have previously fought in the Korean Wa . The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a fighter aircraft . The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbas . They were involved in the US invasion of Panama and deploy the McDonnel Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft . The USAF , veterans of the invasion of Grenada with F16 fighting flacons operates Al Asad Airbase . The United States Air Force operates the Al Asad airbase and previously fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986 . The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 , also fought in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad airbase . The USAF , involved in the invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986 , is the operation organisation for Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War , and now it operates the Al Asad airbas . One of its fighter aircraft is named the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who deploy the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and fought battles in the Korean war . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Korean Wa . The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and the 1986 bombing of Libya . The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War , bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and were used in the invasion of Panam . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air Force . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , which is part of the community of Madrid , in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas which is part of Community of Madrid and is Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madri . The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located in Alcobendas , Madri . The leading party is the People Party ( Spain ) . Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid whose leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located there . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Spain at Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain , where the leader party is the People ' s party . Alderney is served by Alderney Airpor . This airport ' s 1st runway is made from Poaceae and it has a runway length of 497.0 . The 1st runway of Alderney airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is made of poaceae and is 497.0 long . The Alderney Airport serves the island of Alderney and its 1st runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a 497 meters long runway . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and is in the class Monocotyledon . At Alderney airport , the 1st runway is made from Poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinids . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is in the Monocotyledon class and is in the order of Commelinids . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , a Monocotyledon classed member of the order of Poales . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the Poales order . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from Poaceae of the orders Poales and Commelinids . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the Poales and Commelinids orders . Poaceae from the order of Poales and the order of Commelinids is used on the 1rst runway at Alderney Airport . The city of Alderney is served by Alderney Airpor . This airport has a runway length of 497.0 metres and its 1st runway has an asphalt surface . The Alderney Airport serves Alderney with an asphalt surfaced runway of 497m . Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 497.0 . Alderney Airport serves Laderne . Its runway has length of 722.0 and is made of asphalt . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway made of asphalt that is 733.0 in length . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877.0 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and the runway length is 877 . Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900 metres and a runway name , 18L / 36R . Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International airport , has a runway that is called 18L / 36R and is 2900.0 metres long . The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway name of " 18L / 36R " and a length of 2900.0 . The 18L / 36R runway in Allama Iqbal International airport in Pakistan , has a length of 3310.0 . Allam Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3310.0 and a name of 18L / 36R . Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3360.1 . The runway name is 18L / 36R . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakista . The runway length is 3360.12 and the runway name is 18L / 36R . Allama Iqbal International Airport , located in Pakistan , has a runway length of 3360.12 and is named 18L / 36R . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway named 18R / 36 . The runway length is 2900.0 . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakista . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 2900 long . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a 2 , 9 km long runway identified by the name 18R / 36L . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority runs Allam Iqbal International Airport in Punjab Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in the Punjab , Pakista . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in the Jinnah International Airport . The Allama Iqbal International Airport , in Punjab Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , based in Jinnah International Airport . The 18L / 36R runway of the Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a length of 33310.0 . Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3 , 310 metres and a runway name 18L / 36R . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakista . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3310.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport , located in Maple Ridge Township , Michigan has a runway length of 1533.0 and has an elevation of 210 meters . The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 , 533 and it is located at Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and it has a 1533 meters runway . Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744.0 metres and is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in the United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United State . Its runway length is 2744.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 2744 meters long . Found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , is Alpena County Regional Airpor . This airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 metres . At an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744.0 and is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the USA . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA and is 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Alpena County , Michigan in the United State . It has a runway length of 1533.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport , located in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan , USA and has a length of 1533.0 . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA , and has a runway length of 2744 . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 2744 metres long . Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United State . It is 2744 meters long . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 above sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is 3.3528 below sea level , has a runway that ' s 2 , 014 long and serves Amsterdam . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schipol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3 , 30 . The airport is 3.3528 below sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 below sea level , has a runway that ' s 3 , 300 long and serves the city it ' s located in . Amsterdam airport , Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at -3.3528 above sea level with a runway length of 3400.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , with a runway length of 3400.0. and has an elevation of -3.3528 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , it has a runway length of 3453.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves Amsterdam has a runway length of 3453.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level . The Schiphol Airport located -3.3528 metres above sea level with a 3 , 453 km long runway and serves the city of Amsterdam . Amsterdam is served by the Schipol airport which is -3.3528 metres above sea leve . The runway length is 3800 . Andrews County Airport , Texas is 97 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 8.0 . Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of only 8.0 and is 973 below sea level . The runway length of Andrews County airport ( located in Texas and 973 meters above sea level ) , is 929.0 . Andrews County Airport , Texas is 973.0 below sea level and its runway length is 929 . Texas is located in the United States , and its state capital is Austi . The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , and Texas ' capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Austin is the capital and a Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano . Texas , or Tejano , is the location of Andrews County Airport , with the capital in Austin . With its capital of Austin , Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where there are Texans . In Texas , people are called Texans and the capital of Texas is Austi . Andrews Count Airport is located in Texas . Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas where the residents are known as Texans and the state ' s capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( whose indigenes are called Texans ) , United States . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the people are called Texans . The main airport in Texas , USA , is Andrews Count . English is the primary language here . Spanish is the language spoken in Austin , Texas ( in which the Andrews County Airport is located ) . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United States , where Spanish is spoken . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the Spanish language is spoken . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United State . Spanish is spoken in Texas . Located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 800 metres . Located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 metres . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above the sea leve . Its runway is 3800 feet in length . Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000ft . At 159 meters above sea level , Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , in Angola . Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and is 159 metres above sea level . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and its runway length is 3800 . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway length of 3800.0 . 05L / 23R is the name of the runway at Angola International airport in Icolo e Bengo , Angola . Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , Angol . Its runway is names 05L / 23R . Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angolo , Luanda Province . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda province , Angola . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province in Angola . The city of Luanda is served by Angola International Airpor . This airport is is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 metres . Angola International Airport , located 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 4000 feet and serves Luanda . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgiu . Brussels is the capital of Belgium . The Dutch language is spoken in Antwerp , Belgium in which Antwerp International Airport is located . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Dutch speaking Belgium . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium , where French is spoken . Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in French speaking Belgium . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken . Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium which has French as the official language . Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , Belgium where the official language is French . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination en Belgium , where they speak french . Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in , German speaking Belgium . Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , Belgium where German is an official language . The Antwerp International Airport , Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12.0 meteres above sea level . Antwerp International Airport which has a runway length of 600.0 is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government , has a runway length of 600m and is owned by the Flemish region . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and owned by the Flemish regio . It has a runway length of 600.0 . Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport , which is 12m a.s.l. and is run by the Flemish Region . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works and owned by the Flemish Regio . It is 12.0 metres above sea level . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region , operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and public works , and has an elevelation of 12 meters . Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton Wisconsin which is a part of Kimberly and Grand Chute . Appleton , Wisconsin , part of Kimberly Wisconsin , is served by Appleton International Airport and part of the Grand Chute Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin; it is served by Appleton International Airport . Appleton International airport , which is located in Greenville , Wisconsin is located at 280 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982 . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , 280 metres above sealevel and its runway is 1.982 km long . Appleton International Airport located in Greenville , Wisconsin , has an elevation of 280 meters above sea level as well as a runway length of 2 , 349 . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsi . The runway length is 2439 and the elevation is 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington , Wisconsin , in the United States . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Ellington , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington in the state . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin which is in the United State . It is served by the Appleton International Airport . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Dale , Wisconsin , located in the U.S.A . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Dale , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin , in the United States . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Grand Chute , Wisconsin , USA . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , which is part of Menasha , Wisconsin , USA . Appleton International Airport in Greenville Wisconsin , is part of the the Menasha town in Wisconsin , USA . Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982. . It is operated by an organisation in Outgamie County , Wisconsin . The operators of Appleton International Airport , which has a runway length of 1 , 982 and is 280 metres above sea level , are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin . Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which has a runway length of 2439.0 and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand ( which is 34 meters above sea level ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level , a runway length of 518 , and a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poacea . It is 34 m above sea level and its length is 518 feet . At the Ardmore airport in New Zealand , the 3rd runway is made from Poaceae which belongs to the flowering plants division and is in the class of Monocotyledon . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants in the class Monocotyledon . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is class as monocotyledon and part of the commelinids order . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the poales order and the class of Monocotyledon . In New Zealand , the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the Commelinids order . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the order of Commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants . Ardmore Airport ' s 3rd runway is made of Poaceae , a flowering plant belong to the order of the Commelinids . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , located 34 meters above sea level , has a runway length of 1411.0 and the third runway is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 141 . The airport ' s third runway surface type is Poaceae . New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport; is 34.0 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 597.0 metres and its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , located 34 meters above sea level , has a runway length of 597.0 and is made of Poaceae . The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597.0 , it is made of Poaceae and is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900.0 metres . Located in Ashgabat , Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 900 meters long . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat 211 metres above sea level with a 0.9 km long runway . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level , and has a runway that is 2989.0 metres long . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 2989.0 and is located 211 metres above sea level . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . Turkmenistan Airlines is operated by Ashgabat International Airport , whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . Turkmenistan Airlines , which has headquarters in Ashgabat , operates Ashgabat International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , headquartered in Turmenistan and Ashgabat . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines ( Turkmenabat airport is their hub ) , the headquarters of which are located Turkmenistan . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , whose headquarters are in Turkmenistan . Turkmenistan Airlines headquarter located in Turkmenistan and operates the Ashgabat Airport and its hub airport the Turkmenabat . Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines which operates Ashgabat International Airport and has its headquarters located in Turkmenistan . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub is Turkmenbashi International airport and has headquarters in Turkmenistan . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is located in Ashgabat and hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece where Nikos Voutsis is the leader . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greec . Nikos Voutsis is the leader of that country . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where its leader is Nikos Voutsis . Athens is located in Greece and is served by the Athens International Airpor . The leader of Greece is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Athens International Airport , serving the city of Athens , Greece has a leader of Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Athens is served by the Athens International Airport located in Spata at 94 metres above sea level . Athens International Airport is in Sparta , serves the city of Athens , and is 94 metres above sea level . The Athens International Airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is found in Sparta and serves the city of Athens . With a runway length of 3800 metres , Athens International Airport is in Spata , and serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport serves Athens but is actually located in Spat . Its runway length is 3800 . Athens International Airport located in Spata , serves the city of Athen . Its runway length is 3 , 800 . Athens International airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athen . The runway length is 4000.0 . At 23 metres above sea leve . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and is 23 metres above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0 m above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , U.S . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and is based in New York . The Atlantic City International Airport in New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who have their headquarters in New York . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New York and is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , the US . Its runway length is 1873 . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 1873 . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United State . Its runway length is 1873.0 . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport. , This airport has a runway length of 1873.0 metres and a runway named 13 / 31 . The 13 / 31 runway at Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , is 1873 in length . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organization of Atlantic City International airpor . The runway ' s name is 13 / 31 and its length is 1873 feet . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . Its runway name is 4 / 22 and the length is 1873.0 . The Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 m and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . Its runway name is 4 / 22 . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Charles Michel is a leader . Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp , Belgium , whose leader is Charles Michel . Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport and is a popular tourist destination in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey , in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport can be found in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the U.S.A . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is in New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey . The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and the Boeing C17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force , using HAL light combat helicopters and Beoing C-17 globemaster III . Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level and operated by Infraero located in Brasilia . At 911.0 metres above sea level , Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is in Brasilia . Infraero , in Brasilia , is served by Afonso Pena Aiport , with an elevation of 911 meters about sea level and is operated by Infraero . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , in the country of Iraq where the Kurdish language is spoken . Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located in Fallujah , a city in Fuad Masum led Iraq . Fuad Masum leads Iraq where Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . The country is led by Fuad Masum . The Al-Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Ira . The leader of the country is Haider al-Abadi . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore which is in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader . Nawaz Sharif is the leader in Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore . Lahore , Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif and is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore , served by Allama Iqbal International Airport , is located . The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport , which is located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain . Lahor , located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain , is the home of the Allama Iqbal International Airport . Located in Pakistan ( where Sardar Ayaz Sadiqis the leader ) , the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport . Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakista . The country is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq . In the class Monocotyledon , and belonging to the order Poales is Poaceae which is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae , which is of the order poales and in the class Monocotyledon , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae ( Order : Poales; Class : Monocotyledon ) . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the class Monocotyledon . The surface of the first runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class and is a division of flowering plants . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of Commelinids . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is of the order Commelinids , a division of flowering plants . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants order of Poale . The Alderney Airport ' s first runway was made of this substance . Poaceae which is of the Poales order belongs to the division of flowering plants , the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . Poaceae , a flowering plant , belongs to the order of Commelinids , and is the surface type for the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is in Madrid , Spain . San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Madrid Community , Spain is host to the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located n San Sebastián de los Reyes which is lead by the Peoples Party and is part of the community of Madrid . The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain which is part of the Community of Madri . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found there . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Madrid , where the People ' s Party is the leading political organization . Saranac Lake , New York , part of Harriestown , New York , United States , is served by Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York , United States . Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown New York and has an airport called Adirondack Regional airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which like Harrietstown and Essex County is part of new York . Saranac Lake , New York , is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York and is served by Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Saranac Lake Harrietstown , New York United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Essex County , New York , in the United States . Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York , the United States . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Virginia DeMarce is available in print form and can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and has a ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " , its author is Eric Flint and was put in print . The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint , was put in print and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . The hardcover book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , available in hardcover , has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 and is available in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint in English and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint wrote the book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . It is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written in English and the sequel to Grantville Gazette III written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint comes in hardcover and has 448 pages . The printed book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , was written by Eric Flint and has 448 pages . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in English and preceded 1634 The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English by Eric Flint. . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written in English by Eric Flin . The book was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . The Grantville Gazette preceded Grantville Gazette II and 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint . Written by Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which itself was preceded by The Grantville Gazette . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which follows The Grantville Gazettes . Born in Burbank California , Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , wrote both Grantville Gazette II and then 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Grantville Gazette II preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . The author Eric Flint was born in Burbank Californi . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint , author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint , influenced by Robert . Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic Wa . The books were written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellio . The author , Eric Flint , was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to 1634 : The Ram Rebellion written by Eric Flint and influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert . Heinlein and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , that was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Influenced by Robert . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette I . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III , was written by Eric Flint , who was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint , influenced by Robert . Heinlein , wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . It is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint , influenced by Robert A Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . This book follows the publication of Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint , who was influenced by Robert . Heinlein wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . It is available in hardcover and has 448 pages . A hardcover publication , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was put in print and has 448 pages . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce is 448 pages long and in print . The printed book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 448 pages . The sequel to The Grantville Gazettes , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War ( written by David Weber ) . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , preceded by David Weber ' s 1634 : The Baltic war , is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . Authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' is preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' which is written in English . Authored byVirginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is written in English . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette II , and is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II . 1634; The Bavarian Crisis was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes and written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . The Bavarian Crisis of 1634 , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , occurred after Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette III and is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . It is the prequel to Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to Grantiville Gazettes III written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which is available in Englis . English is spoken in Great Britain . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . 1634 : The Galileo Affair is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain , and was followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint was published in print and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flin . It was published in print and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion. written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is also available as an E book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , available as an E-Book , was authored by Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . " 1634; The Ram Rebellion " by Eric Flint is available in paperback with an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . The paperback book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " , was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which is available in paperback and has 512 pages . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is available in paperback and is 512 pages long . " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " is the sequel to " 1634 : The Galileo Affair " , written by Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California , was influenced by Robert A Heinlen and wrote the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , influenced by Robert . Heinlein . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was published in print and written by Virginia DeMarc . The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which can be found as an e book , was written by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebelllion , written by Virginia DeMarce , has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is available as an E book . The abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems , which has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and the LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , ACM Tran . In . Syst. , has an ISSN number of 1558-2868 and an LCCN number of 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or , ACM Tran . In . Syst. , has a ISSN number of 1558-2868 and a LCCN number of 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has a CODEN code of ATISET and a LCCN number of 89646863 . 89646863 is the LCCN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems and its ISSN number is 1046-8188. " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is its abreviation . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. with the LCCN number of 89646863 and the ISSN number of 1046-8188 . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the LCCN number is 90640840 . With a LCCN number of 90640840 , the AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline HIV and studiies HIV / AIDS . The AIDS Journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS , predominantly HIV . The academic discipline of The Aids Journal , first published in 1987 , is HIV / AIDS . The academic discipline of AIDS journal ( first published in 1987 ) is HI . It has the ISSN number 0269-9370 . AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and comes under the academic discipline of HI . It has the ISSN number os 0269-9370 . The AIDS ( journal ) which comes under the academic discipline of HIV was first published in 1987 and has the ISSN number of " 0269-9370 " . The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , the parent company of which is Wolters Kluwer . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which publishes the AIDS Journal in the United Kingdom . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkin . It is is published in the UK , which capital is London . AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . The capital city of the United Kingdom is London . The capital of the UK is London; this is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . the AIDS ( journal ) belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and was first published in 198 . It has the ISSN number 0269-9370 . The first AIDS journal was published in 1987; it studies HIV / AIDS and the ISSN number is 0269-9370 . Lippincott Williams & Wilkins are the publishers of AIDS ( journal ) , they are based in the United States and their parent company is Walters Kluwer . Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer , is based in the United States and published the AIDS ( journal ) . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , parent company Wolters Kluwer , from the United States . AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) was edited by Vicent . Crespi , Bernard . Gerstman , A. . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge . Wang and has the CODEN code of AAIDBI . The editors of AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv ) are Vicent . Crespi , Bernard . Gerstman , A. . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka and Enge . Wan . The coden code for AIP Advances is AAIDBI . AIP Advances editors include Vincent . Crespi , Bernard . Gerstman , A. . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , and Enge . Wan . It has the CODEN code of " AAIDBI " and is abbreviated to AIP Adv. . Abbreviation for AIP Advances is AIP Adv. and the code is AAIDBI with an impact factor of 1.524 . AIP Adv. is the abbreviation of AIP Advances which has impact factor 1.524 and a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " . With a CODEN code of AAIDBI and an impact factor of 1.524 , AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv . A T Charlie Johnson , AIP Advances editor , graduated from Harvard University assisted by doctoral advisor Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson is from the US and his alma mater is Harvard Universit . He is the editor of AIP Advances . A T Charlie Johnson from the United States and studied at Harvard University , is the editor of AIP Advances . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national and studied at Harvard University . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who resides in the United States and where Harvard University was his almaMater . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U.S. and went to Harvard University . The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson , editor of AIP Advances , who has Harvard University for an Alma mater . AIP ADv. is the abbreviation of AIP Advances , whose editor is A. . Charlie Johnso . His almaMater is Harvard University . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advance ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) and Harvard University is his alma matter . Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who is the editor of AIP Advances , published by American Institute of Physics . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson and published by American Institute of Physic . A. . Charlie Johnson graduated from Harvard . AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics and his editor is A T Charlie Johnson , his almaMater is Harvard University . American Institute of Physics is the publisher of AIP Advances , the editor of which is A. . Charlie Johnson who has Stanford University for an Alma mater . A T Charlie Johnson , whose alma mater is Stanford University , is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham and the editor of AIP Advances . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who studied at Stanford University and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advance . His alma mater was Stanford University and he is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson , an American , is the editor of AIP Advances and is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson , he is from the United States and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson , a United States national , is editor of AIP Advances and doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson resides in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances and also the doctoral adviser for Michael Tinkham . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who is from the United State . Stanford University is his alma mater . The editor of AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) is A. . Charlie Johnson , who went to Stanford University . AIP Advances , AIP Adv. , was edited by A T Charile Johnson from Stanford University . A T Charlie Johnson from Stanford University is the editor of AIP Advances , or AIP Adv . A Fortress of Grey Ice , by J. . Jones , is in print with OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice which was written by J. . Jones , was made in " Print " and has the OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice , authored by J. . Jones , has a ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice , by . . Jones , in in print with the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J V Jones , is available in print with the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language and is from the U.S. where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Fortress of Gray is written in English and comes from the United States where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice , from the United States , is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . From the United States , A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice by J. . Jones has the OCLC number 51969173 and is available in hardcover . JV Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice by J. . Jones was produced in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in Hardcover and written by . . Jone . It has the ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice is a 672 page hardcover book written by J.V Jones . J. . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ic . It has 672 pages and was produced in Hardcover . The harback book , A Fortress of Grey Ice , was written by J. . Jones and has 672 pages . A Fortress of Grey was made in print and has 672 page . It was written by J V Jones . A Glastonbury Romance can be found in hardcove . It has the OCLC number 76798317 and the Library of Congress Classification PR6031.0867 . A Glastonbury Romance , which is available in hardcover , has the OCLC number 76798317 and the Library of Congress Classification of PR6031O867 . A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 , can be found in hardcover and has 1174 pages . A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 page . It can be found by ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages can be found in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance , OCLC number 76798317 , is available in hard cover and is 1174 pages . The OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 7679831 . It has 1174 pages and is in print . A Glastonbury Romance is in print , has 1174 pages and the OCLC number 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is in print with the OCLC number 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 page . The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0 . The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance , which is now in print and has 1174 pages , is 0-7156-3648-0 . The hardback book A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way is available in hardcove . The OCLC number is 57392246 and the ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way was published in both Print & Paperbac . It has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN numberr of 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way was published in print and paperbac . Its ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 and its OCLC number is 57392246 . A Long Long Way , which was published in Print & Paperback , was preceded by Annie Dunne , it has an OCLC number of 57392246 . A Long Long Way , preceded by Annie Dunne , was published in print & paperbac . Its OCLC number is 57392246 . Preceded by Annie Dunne , A Long Long Way was published in print & paperback with the OCLC number 57392246 . A Long Long Way , an Irish book , was published by Viking Press and is the prequel to The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way , from Ireland , and published by Viking Press , was followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Penguin Random House ( parent company Viking Press ) . A Long Long Way is from Ireland and published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland and was published by Viking Press who have the parent company Penguin Random House . The book " A Long Long Way was published by Viking Pres . It was written in Ireland , where white people are considered an ethnic group . Viking Press published A Long Long Way which comes from Ireland where an ethnic group is white people . The Secret Scripture , published by Faber and Faber is the follow up book to the Irish novel A Long Long Way . The novel A Long Long Way , which was written in Ireland , was followed by The Secret Scripture which Faber and Faber published . The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber . A Long Long Way , available in hardcover , has 292 pages in it and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 . Available in hardcover , A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , is available in hardcove . Its ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way , OCLC #57392246 , is 292 pages and published in Print & Paperback . A Long Long Way is 292 pages and was published in print and paperback with the OCLC number 57392246 . A Long Long Way ( 292 pages ) is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 57392246 . The book ' A Long Long Way ' with the OCLC number 57399346 is available in hardcover and has 292 pages . A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and is available in hardcove . It has an OCLC number of 57392246 . A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in Print & Paperback with the ISBN 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way , ISBN 0-670-03380-4 , was published in Print & Paperback and has 292 pages . The novel A Long Long Way , followed by The Secret Scripture , was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House . A Long Long Way and it ' s sequel The Secret Scripture is published by Viking Press , parent company Penguin Random House . Viking Press published " A Long Long Way. " The book is a prequel to The Secret Scripture . A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Xiaolong. and was published in hardcove . It has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , by Qiu Xiaolong , has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 and can be found in hardcover . A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in Hardcover. has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501. its author is Qiu Xiaolong and it can be found in hardcover . Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501 . Qiu Xiaolong penned A Loyal Character Dancer which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501 . Qiu Xiaolong penned A Loyal Character Dancer which is in print and has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . In print , A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 . A Loyal Character Dancer , by Qiu Xiaolong , is in print with OCLC number 49805501 . A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong , has 360 pages and is in print . A Loyal Character Dancer by Qiu Xialong is in print and has 360 pages . A Loyal Character is in print and was written by Qiu Xiaolong with 360 pages . Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which can be found in hardcover and has 360 pages . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published in the United States by Soho Press . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , written in English and published by Soho Press . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States and written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United State . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press , in the United States , where some Native Americans live . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United State . The language of the United States is English . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Pres . The national language of the U.S. is English . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States which is lead by Barack Obama . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States which includes many Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , that is based in United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , which is located in the U.S , where some Native Americans live . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the language is English . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language . Soho Press is based in the United States where the language used is Englis . They published A Loyal Character Dancer . Published in hardback , A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735 and also has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 . The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 and is available in Hardcover format . A Severed Wasp is in print with the OCLC 8805735 and ISBN 0-374-26131-8 . The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print with the OCLC number of 8805735 , and ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 . A severed Wasp was written in English in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp is written in English in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and originates from the United States where African American is one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is written in the English language and is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp was written in English in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Severed Wasp ( written in English ) is from . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the primary languag . Additionally , the United states has an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and is from the United States , where Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in the English Languag . Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States . The hardback book , A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has the ISBN number " 0-374-26131-8 " . The printed book , A severed Wasp has 388 pages and the OCLC number is 8805735 . A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and can be found in print with the OCLC number of 8805735 . A Wizard of Mars , by Diane Duane , has OCLC number 318875313 and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars written by Diane Duane has the OCLC number 318875313 ace and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars , authored by Diane Duane has a OCLC number of 318875313 and a ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 . The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 31887531 . It was written by Diane Duane and published in print . A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is in print and has an OCLC number of 318875313 . Diane Duane wrote the published book A Wizard of Mar . It can be found by ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Wizard of Mars , which is published in English , originates from . A Wizard of Mars is written in English and was published in the United State . Additionally , Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . The US is not only home to Native Americans but also the origin place of the English book A Wizard of Mars . A Wizard of Mars , published in the United States was written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars was written in English ( which is spoken in Great Britain ) and originates from the United States . The English-language book A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States that includes many Asian Americans . Written in English , A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . Published in hardcover , A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and was written by Diane Duane . A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane has 560 pages and is published in Hardcover . A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback with 560 pages . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( or Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) Has an ISSN number of " 0025-5858 " and LCCN number of 32024459 . The abbreviation of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. and the ISSN number is 1865-878 . It is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) is 1865-878 . The establishment is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the abbreviated form Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hamb . It also has the LCCN number 32024459 and the CODEN code AMHAAJ . Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hambur . Their LCCN number is 32024459 , and CODEN code is AMHAAJ . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg ) has a code of AMHAAJ and a LCCN number of 32024459 . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematic . It has the abbreviation Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg and the ISSN number 0025-5858 . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics and has the abbreviation of Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hamb . It can be located by the ISSN number " 0025-5858 " . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( which can be abbreviated to Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0025-5858 . Above the Veil was written by Garth Ni . It has an ISBN number of 0-439-17685-9 and a OCLC number of 46451790 . Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , has a OCLC number of 46451790 and ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil by Garth Nix , OCLC 46451790 , was produced in print . The printed book , Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and the OCLC number is 46451790 . Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and printed with the OCLC number 46451790 . Above the Veil ( ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 ) is written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcover . Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0-439-17685-9 and it is available in hardcover with the book being written by Garth Nix . Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 46451790 . Above the Veil ( OCLC number 46451790 ) is available in hardcover and written by Garth Nix . Above the Veil by Garth Nix is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 46451790 . Above the Veil by Garth Nix was produced in Print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil ( preceded by the book Aenir ) is from Australia and is written in English . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which is written in English in Australia . These novels were published in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil and Into Battle . The novel Castle came out followed by Aenir and then Into Battle . Castle preceded the novel Aenir , which is followed by Above the Veil and Into Battle . Written in English , Above the Veil followed the book Aenir which has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir has the ISBN number 0-439-17684- . It was followed up by Above the Veil , which is written in English . Aenir has a ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 and is a prequel to Above the Veil . Aenir is an Australian novel and was followed by Above the Veil which was written in English . Aenir was written in English by an Australian and has the follow up book Above the Veil . The book Aenir was written by Australians and Above the Veil followed up in English . The printed book Above The Veil is 248 pages long and the author is Garth Nix . The printed book , Above the Veil , contains 248 pages and was written by Garth Nix . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Mat . Hungar. has a LCCN number of 83646315 and a ISSN number of 0236-5294 . The LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 8364631 . It is also known as Acta Mat . Hungar. and the ISSN number is " 0236-5294 " . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Mat . Hunga . It has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica covers the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the abbreviation of Acta Math Hunga . The LCCN number is 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is also known as Acta Mat . Hungar.and has the LCCN numbere 83646315 and the code of AMAHE9 . The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Mat . Hungar and it has the code AMAHE9 as well as the KCCN number 83646315 . The Acta Mathematica Hungaria ( Acta Mat . Hunger. ) covers the academic discipline of Mathematic . Its ISSN number is 1588-2632 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , also known as Acta Mat . Hungar. , with ISSN number 1588-2632 , is in the Math discipline . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a CODEN code of APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) is academically focused on Paleontology and has the CODEN code " APGPAC " . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , or Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , focuses on Paleontology and has a CODEN code of APGPAC . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and the abbreviation of Acta Palaeonto . Po . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Po . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol , has the CODEN code APGPAC . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol. and has the CODEN code APGPA . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , is in Paleobiology and has the CODEN code APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s abbreviated name is Acta Palaeonto . Po . The book comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has the ISBN number 0567-7920 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) Is focused on Paleontolog . Its ISSN number is " 0567-7920 " . Paleobiology is the academic discipine of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) which has the ISSN number 0567-7920 . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) is academically focused on Paleontology and the ISSN number is 1732-2421 . The Acta Palaeontological Polonica is abbreviated as Acta Palaeonto . Pol and is part of the academic discipline of paleontology with the ISSN number 1732-2421 . The Polish Academy of Sciences serves Poland and is based in Warsa . It is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , is published by Polish Academy of Sciences which is based in Warsaw , Poland . The Addiction journal ( abbreviated to ' Addiction ' ) , is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 . The Addiction Journal ( Addiction ) is published by Wiley-Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the LCCN number is 93645978 . The LCCN number of Addiction journal is 93645978 , it is abbreviated to Addiction and is published by Wiley-Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . Addiction ( journal ) , or just Addiction , has the ISSN number 0965-2140 and the LCCN number 93645978 . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " . It has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 0965-2140 . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal which has an ISSN number of 0965-2140 and the LCCN number 93645978 . Addiction ( journal ) or Addiction has an LCCN number of 93645978 . The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 9364597 . It s abreviation is Addiction and is about the same . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell , who published Addiction ( journal ) , which has the ISSN number of 1360-0443 . The Addiction Journal , ISSN number 1360-0443 , is published by Wiley-Blackwell , whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons . Wiley-Blackwell ( parent company John Wiley & Sons ) is the publisher of the Addiction Journal , which has the LCCN number 93645978 . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell , the publisher of the journal Addiction which has the LCCN number 93645978 . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which in turn is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the LCCN number 93645978 . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell who publishes the Addiction Journal and the OCLC number for the Addiction journal is 27367194 . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which is the publisher of Addiction journal that has the OCLC number 27367194 . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell , the publisher of the journal Addictio . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell , publisher of Addiction , which has the full name of the Addiction Journal . Addiction journal is about addiction and is published by Wiley-Blackwell which has John Wiley & Sons as the parent company . Addiction journal which is about addiction , is published by Wiley-Blackwell whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons . The Administrative Science Quarterly ( ISSN number 0001-8392 ) is abbreviated to Admi . Sc . . It has an LCCN number of 57059226 . The abbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admi . Sc . Q. and it has the LCCN number 57059226 as well as the ISSN number 0001-8392 . The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly ( also known as Admi . Sc . Q. ) is 5705922 . It was published by SAGE publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate chool of Management , Cornell University . Administrative Science Quarterly publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University , its abreviation is Admi . Sc . Q. and the LCCN number is 57059226 . The Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admi . Sc . Q , is in the management discipline with ISSN number 0001-8392 . The ISSN number " 0001-8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admi . Sc . Q ) which comes under the academic discipline of Management . Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admi . Sc . Q. ) comes under the academic discipline of Management and the ISSN number is 0001-8392 . Administrative Science Quarterly is the publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell Universit . It ' s academic discipline is Management and its abbreviation is Admi . Sc . Q . The Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admi . Sc . Q , comes under the academic discipline of Managemen . It is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell Universit . It comes under the academic discipline of Management and has the abbreviation Admin.Sci.Q. . The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly ( which can be abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q. ) is Managemen . It has the LLCN number 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q. ) comes under the academic discipline of Management and is published by Cornell University . Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q , was published by Cornell University and has the academic discipline of Management . Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which academic discipline is management and can be abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q . Cornell University , which is in Ithaca , New York and affiliated with the Association of American Universities , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , publishes Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University , where the President is Elizabeth Garrett , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of American Universities , whose president is Elizabeth Grant . Cornell University ( affiliated with the Association of American Universities ) is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterl . The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universitie . It is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University which published Administrative Science Quarterly is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities as well as with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is situated in Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universitie . It was responsible for publishing Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , and the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , New York , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University ( of New York ) is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Cornell University in the state of New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly . The English novel Aenir , which has the ISBN number of " 0-439-17684-0 " , was followed by Above the Veil . Aenir was written by Garth Nix , has an OCLC number of 45644811 and an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir , which was written by Garth Nix has the OCLC number 45644811 and the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 as well as the OCLC number 45644811 . Aenir written by Garth Nix is available in paperback with the OCLC number 45644811 . The book Aenir , by Garth Nix , is available in paperback and has the OCLC number 45644811 . The book , by Garth Nix , titled Aenir , is a paperback and has the ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . The paperback book Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir written by Garth Nix is available in paperback with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Above the Veil was preceded By Australian novel Aenir , which was preceded by the novel Castle . Aenir was written by Australian . It was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Above the Veil . Aenir , an Australian novel , is a sequel to Castle and a prequel to Above the Veil . Aenir is written by Australians in English and followed Above the Veil . Aenir , written in English , is an Australian nove . It was followed up by Above the Veil . The paperback Aenir has a total of 233 pages and was written by Garth Nix . Garth Nix is the author of the 233 page paperback , Aenir . Aenir is a paperback which was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson ( of Lincoln , Nebraska ) and followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln Nebraska and wrote Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Born in Lincoln , Nebraska , Brandon Sanderson is the author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , the book which is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called the African Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. and is written in Englis . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans . Written in English , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from the United States , which has Native Americans among its ethnic groups . Written in English , the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . The US is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English and comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language and comes from the U. . One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are White Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians ( written in English ) is from the United States , where White Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. and is written in Englis . An ethnic group in the U.S. is white Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 as well as the OCLC number of 7877110 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover , has the OCLC number of 7877110 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover , ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 , OCLC number 7877110 . Published in Hardcover , Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy literature hardcover boo . The OCLC number is 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and is 320 pages lon . It has the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 . The printed book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and an OCLC number of 78771100 . The book " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " is printed with 320 pages and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print with the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 and is 320 pages long . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print , has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . The discipline of The American Journal of Mathematics , also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math. , is Mat . The journal has an ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics or A . . Math. , is published bimonthly and is in the Mathematics discipline . The American Journal of Mathematics is published bi-monthly and abbreviated to A . . Mat . It comes under the academic discipline of Math . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to A . . Mat . It has the ISSN number " 0002-9327 " . The American Journal of Mathematics , or A . . Math. , was published in 1878 with a ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics , which comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics , was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviated title of A . . Math . American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is located in the United States and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . With the ISSN number 1080-6377 , The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University in the United States . American Journal of Mathematics , ISSN number 1080-6377 was published by John Hopkins University Press in the United States . The American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States and has the OCLC number 1480153 . Johns Hopkins University Press is based in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics which has the OCLC number 1480153 . The American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number of 1480153 ) is published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States . The publisher , John Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematic . This publication is also abbreviated to Am.J.Math . American Journal of Mathematics ( discipline Mathematics ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press , which is based in the United States . John Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and published the American Journal of Mathematics , the academic discipline of which is Mathematics . The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Math and the publisher is John Hopkins University which is based in the United States . John Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the US who publish the American Journal of Mathematics . Brandon Sanderson , born in Lincoln , Nebraska , authored Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians and Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bone , written after Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson of Lincoln , Nebraska . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where , just like in Great Britain , the language spoken is English . English is the both spoken in Great Britain and the language of the United states where " A Loyal Character Dancer " is also published . English is spoken in the US and Great Britai . A Severed Wasp was published in the US . A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the language is Englis . English is spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and the U . The US is where " A Wizard of Mars was published . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States ( the origin of A Wizard of Mars ) . A Glastonbury Romance , the sequel to Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys who was from Shirley Derbyshire . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire , and wrote Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley Derbyshire and is the author of Wolf Solent which preceded A Glastonbury Romance . John Cowper Powys , author of A Glastonbury Romance and the book that preceded it , By Wolf Solent , was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . John Cowper Powys from Shirley , Derbyshire , is the author of Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . His notable work includes Porius A Romance of the Dark Ages and A Glastonbury Romance . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and one of his notable works is A Romance of the Dark Age . He also wrote A Glastonbury Romance . John Cowpher Powys , born in Shirley , Derbyshire , is known for works such as Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance . Born in Shirley , Derbyshire , John Cowpher Powys is the author of Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance . SAGE Publications , founded by Sara Miller McCune , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the OCLC number 1461102 . The Administrative Science Quarterly ( OCLC number 1461102 ) is published by Sage Publications , the company which was founded by Sara Miller McCune . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , in the English language . The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the spoken language is Englis . It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the UK where English is the main language . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , which has the capital Washington DC and contains the ethnic group African American . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and the ethnic group of African Americans . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C , and an ethnic group is African American . Washington . C. is the capital of the United States which includes many Asian Americans. 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the country . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S , , where there are many Asian Americans and the capital city is Washington D.C . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the capital city is Washington D. . Additionally , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic minorities in the United States . The book , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , comes from the United States , whose capital is Washington , D.C. , and has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Washington . C. is the capital of the United States the country where Native Americans are an ethnic grou . It is also where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from . A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the capital city of which is Washington and where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English and from the United States where some African Americans live . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English languag . It is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice , originally published in English , is from the United States , which includes African Americans among its ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C . In the United States one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital is Washington D . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the country . One of the ethnic Groups of the United States ( where the capital city is Washington D.C ) is African America . Additionally , A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States . Washington . C. is the capital of the United States a country where one of the ethnic groups is African American . Also where A Wizard of Mars originates from . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the language is English and where one of the ethnic groups is African American . ' A Fortress of Grey Ice ' is from the United States where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Wizard of Mars comes from the United States where they speak english and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . English is the language of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was publishe . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is African American . Barack Obama , president of the US is an African American man , which is one of the ethnic groups of the United State . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where the leader the President. it is also where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which is led by the President , and includes African Americans as one of its ethnic groups . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the title of the leader is the President and where African Americans are an ethnic group . Many Asian Americans live in the United States , the country where English is the language and where ' A Fortress of Grey Ice ' is from . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in Englis . The book came from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the US , where the capital city is Washington D. . There are many Asian Americans in the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Washington . C. is the capital and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The US is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ic . Washington , D.C. is the capital . A severed Wasp originates from the United States , a country that includes many Asian Americans and has Washington , D.C. as its capital . In the United States , English is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups is Asian American . It is also the country where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where they speak English and of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States which has the language of English and where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . English is spoken in the US; which is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of A Severed Wasp . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. where Barack Obama is the leader of the country which includes many Asian Americans . The United States is home to Barack Obama and Asian American . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was also written here . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. , where Joe Biden is a leader and Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States which is lead by the President and includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and there are many Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the leader is known as the Presiden . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups there . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the English language is used and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken , however there are a large number of ethic groups in the U.S. including Native Americans . A severed Wasp originates from the United States. where the language is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the primary languag . In addition Native Americans are an ethnic group in the USA . A Wizard of Mars is from the United States were they speak English and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Libraries is from the United States where they speak English and one of the ethnic groups is African American . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the English language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . The US is home to Native Americans and the origin place of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans and the English language is spoken . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the US . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where english is spoken as it is in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where they speak English and White Americans live . In the United States , the language is English , White Americans are an ethnic group and the book Alcatraz Verses the Evil Librarians was written . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the language is English and White Americans live . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the presiden . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is President . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama leads the country . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where Native Americans live and Barack Obama is the leader . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . Barack Obama is the leader of the United State . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the USA and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US . The United States , home to Barack Obama and Native Americans , is also the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ice . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . Barack Obama is president of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published and Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the President and where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Barack Obama is president of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native American . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originated in the U.S . A severed Wasp originates from the United States which has Barack Obama as leader and includes many Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp was written in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the leaders is Joe Biden and one of the ethnic groups is African American . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and one ethnic group is the African Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the title of the leader is the President and where there are many Asian Americans . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the US; which is home to many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans and the leader is known as the President . In the United States the title of the leader is the Presiden . In this country Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and A severed Wasp originates from . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader has the title of President and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is called President and Native Americans live . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , a country which contains the ethnic group Native Americans and whose leader is known as the President . Asian Americans are on of the ethnic groups in the United States where the leader is called the Presiden . It is also where ' A Severed Wasp ' is from . The leader of the United States is known as the president , and within the US there are many African American . Additionally , A severed Wasp is from the United States . The book " A Long Long Way " was published by Viking Press located in the United State . The novel was followed by The Secret Scripture . Located in the United States , Viking Press published A Long Long Way , the novel which was followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press from the United States , parent company Penguin Random House . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press in the United States which published A Long Long Way . John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . A Glastonbury Romane was written by John Cowper Powys and is followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . These books were published in the following order : Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . These books were written in this order , Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . These books were written in the following order , Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and then Maiden Castle . Weymouth Sands , written by John Cowper Powys , is a prequel to Maiden Castle and a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance . These books by John Cowper Powys were published in the following order : A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . The Aarhus is the airport of Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus . Aarhus Airport is 25 metres above sea level . Aarhus airport is at an elevation of 25 metres above seal level . Aarhus Airport is 25.0 metres above the sea level . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport . Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation . Aarhus Airport runway length is 2776.0 . Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776.0 . The length of the runway at Aarhus Airport is 2776.0 . The runway length at Aarhus Airport is 2777.0 meters . The runway length at Aarhus airport is 2777.0 . Aarhus Airport runway name is 10L / 28R . 10L / 28R is the runway name of the Aarhus Airport . The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10L / 28R . The runway name at Aarhus Airport is " 10R / 28L " . 10R / 28L is the runway name at Aarhus airport , . The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10R / 28L . Abilene , Texas is in the United States . Abilene Texas is in the United States . Abilene , Texas is located in the United States . Abilene , Texas is part of Jones County , Texas . Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas . Abilene is a part of Taylor County , Texas . Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas . The length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet . The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made from asphalt . The 1st runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made of Asphalt . The Abilene Regional Airport ' s 3rd runway length is ft is 7202 . Abilene Regional Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . Abilene Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 546 . The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level . Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level . The location identifier for Abilene Regional airport is ABI . The Abilene Regional Airport ' s location id is " ABI " . The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is ABI . The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1 , 121 . The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1121.0 . The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2194.0 . The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2 , 195 . The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2195.0 . 17L / 35R is the runway name of Abilene Regional Airport . Abilene Regional Airport has the runway name 17L / 35R . 17R / 35L is the runway name at Abilene Regional airport . The name of the runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 17R / 35L . The runway name of Abilene Regional Airport is 17R / 35L . The length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 6 , 573 feet . 6573 feet is the length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport . The 1st runway length in feet of Adirondack Regional Airport is 6573 . Lake Placid , N.Y. is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport location idenitifier is SLK . SLK is the I.D. of the Adirondack Regional Airport . The Adirondack Regional Airport location identifier is SLK . The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1 , 219 . The runway length at Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0 . The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0 . The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0 . The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE . ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE . The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 3500.0 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport ' s runway length is 3500 . The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 4100.0 . The length of the runway at Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is 4100.0 . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4 , 349 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway that is 4349 metres long . The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 4349.0 . 18R / 36L is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport . Afonso Pena International Airport has an elevation above the sea level ( in feet ) of 2988 . Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport is 911.0 metres above sea level . The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . The runway length at Afonso Pena International airport is 1800.0 . The runway at Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800 meters long . The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport runway length is 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215.0 . 15 / 33 is the runway name at Afonso Pena International airport . The Afonso Pena International Airport ' s runway name is " 15 / 33 " . Agra Airport IATA Location Identifier is AGR . AGR is the IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport . AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport . The location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG . The Agra Airport ' s ICAO location identifier is " VIAG " . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG . Agra Airport is elevated 167.94 metres above sea level . The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Agra Airport is 167.94 . Agra Airport is in India . Agra airport is located in India . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh . Kheria Air Force Station is the native name of Agra Airport . The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station . The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport . Agra Airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India . The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force . The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport . 1818 is the length of the runway of Agra Airport . The length of the runway at Agra Airport is 1818.0 . Agra Airport ' s runway length is 2743.0 . Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah . The location of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is Habbaniyah . The location identifier for Al-Taqaddum air base is MAT . The location identifier of Al Taqaddum Air Base is MAT . The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 4 , 019 . The runway length of Al-Taqaddum air base is 4019.0 . The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 4019.0 . ORAA is the ICAO location identifier of Al Asad Airbase , . The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA . The Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level . Al Asad Airbase has an elevation above the sea level ( in feet ) of 618 . The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq . Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq . Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq . The Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq . Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3078.48 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3090 meters . The runway length at Al Asad airbase is 3090.0 . Al Asad Airbase ' s runway length is 3090.0 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 990 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 992.88 . 3992.88 is the length of the runway at Al Asad Airbase . ' ' 08 / 26 ' ' is the runway name at Al Asad Airbase . 08 / 26 is the runway name of the Al Asad Airbase . The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 09L / 27R . 09R / 27L is the runway name at Al Asad airbase . The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R / 27L . Al Asad Airbase has the runway name 09R / 27L . Alcobendas is located in Spain . Alcobendas is in Spain . Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid . Alcobendas is part of the community of Madrid . The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . The English language is spoken in Alderney . Alderney ' s leader name is Elizabeth II . Aldernay ' s leader is Elizabeth II . The leader ' s name of Alderney is Elizabeth II . The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt . The 1st runway at Alderney airport has an asphalt surface . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae . Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level . The Alderney Airport elevation above the sea level ( in meters ) is 88 . The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733.0 . The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877 . Alderney Airport ' s runway has a length of 877.0 . The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0 . Alderney Airport runway name is 03 / 21 . The runway name of Alderney Airport is 03 / 21 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of Alderney Airport . The runway name of Alderney Airport is 08 / 26 . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore . The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport . The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 2900.0 . The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3 , 310 . Allama Iqbal International airport has a runway length of 3310.0 . The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3310.0 . The runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport is 18L / 36R . The Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway name is " 18L / 36R " . The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18L / 36R . The length of the first runway of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001 . The first runway length in feet of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001 . Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena , Michigan . lpena County Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 210 . Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level . Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN . Alpena Country Regional Airport owner is Alpena Country , Michigan . Alpena County , Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport . The owner of Alpena County Regional Airport is Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport ' s runway length is 2744.0 . The Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744 meters long . The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744.0 . The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 7 / 25 . Eberhard van der Laan is the name of the leader of Amsterdam . The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres . The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Aiport Schiphol is 3800 meters . The first runway at Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is made from asphalt . The first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made in asphalt . The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from Asphalt . The fourth runway at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam is made of asphalt . The 4th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schipol has a surface of asphalt . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 5th runway number 18 . 18 is the number of the fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . Amsterdam Schiphols Airport ' s 5th runway has the number 18 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level . Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is located in Haarlemmermeer . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Haarlemmermeer . The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 2014.0 meters . The runway length at Amsterdam airport , Schipol is 2014.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 2014.0 . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3300.0 . The runway length at Amsterdam Airport , Schipol is 3400.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3400.0 . The runway length of Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is 3 , 453 . The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schipol is 3453.0 . Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport has a runway length of 3 , 500 . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0 . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport is 3800.0 metres . The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schipol is 3800.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3800.0 . 04 / 22 Oostbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . The runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 04 / 22 ' Oostbaan . Amsterdam Airport Schipol runway name is 09 / 27 Buitenvelderbaan . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has a runway named 09 / 27 Buitenveldertbaan . The runway name of Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is 18C / 36C Zwanenburgbaan . 18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . Amserdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 18L / 36R Aalsmeerbaan . 18L / 36R Aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has the runway name 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan . 18R / 36L Plderbaan is the runway name at Amsterdam Airport Schipol . The runway at Amsterdam Sciphol Airport is called 18R / 36L Polderbaan . The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18R / 36L Polderbaan . The third runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2 , 939 feet . The length of the 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet . Andrews County Airport is 4th runway length feet of 25 . The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is 25 feet long . Andrews County Airport ' s 4th runway has a length in feet of 25 . The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made from asphalt . The Andrews County Airport fourth runway is made of asphalt . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . Andrews Country Airport location identifier is E11 . Andrews County Airport is located in E11 . The length of the runway at Andrews County Airport is 1773 metres . The runway length at Andrews County airport is 1773.0 . Andrews County Airport ' s runway length is 1773.0 . Andrews County Airport runway is 8 meters long . The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 8.0 . Andrews County Airport runway length is 8.0 . The runway length of Andrews County airport is 929.0 . Andrews Country Airport ' s runway name is 16 / 34 . 16 / 34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport . The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 2 / 20 . 2 / 20 is the name of the runway of Andrews County Airport . The first runway of Angola International Airport is 13123 feet long . The 1st runway length in feet of Angola International Airport is 13123 . Angola International Airport 1st runway is Number 5 . Angola International Airport ' s 1st runway has the number 5 . Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo . The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3 , 800 . The runway at Angola International airport is 3800 long . The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0 . 4000ft is the runway length at Angola International Airport . The Angola International Airport is 4000 length . The runway length of Angola International Airport is 4000.0 . The runway at Angola International Airport is called " 05L / 23R " . 05L / 23R is the runway name at Angola International airport . The runway at Angola International Airport is named 05L / 23R . " South Runway " is a runway name at Angola International airport . The runway at Angola International Airport is named South Runway . The name of Angola International Airport runway is " South Runway " . Antwerp is admin Arrondissement of Arrondissement . The administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp is the Arrondissement of Antwerp . Antwerp is in the country of Belgium . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium . Antwerp is in Belgium . The mayor of Antwerp is Bart De Wever . Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp . Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works . Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport . The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport . Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region . The runway length at Antwerp International airport is 1510.0 . The runway at Antwerp International Airport is 1510 meters . The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 1510.0 . Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0 . Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin is part of little chute , Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin , is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin . Little Chute , Wisconsin is part of Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is 1st 8002 runway length . Appletone International Airport city served Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport . Appleton International Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 280 . Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin . The location identifier for Appleton International Airport is ATW . The Appleton International Airport ' s location id is " ATW " . The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW . Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport . The operators of Appleton International Airport are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin . The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 1 , 982 . The runway length at Appleton International airport is 1982.0 . The Appleton International Airport ' s runway length is 1982 . The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 12 / 30 . 12 / 30 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport . The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3 / 21 . 3 / 21 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport . Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 1960 feet long . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Ardmore Airport in New Zeland is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1 , 411 . The runway length at Ardmore airport , New Zealand is 1411.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway length is 597.0 . The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597.0 . 03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand . 03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The runway name at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 03L / 21R . The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called " 03R / 21L " . 03R / 21L is a runway name at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s runway name is " 03R / 21L " . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway name is 07 / 25 . The runway name of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 07 / 25 . The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet . The 1st runway at Ashgabat International airport is 12467 feet in length . Ashgabat International Airport ' s 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet . The Ashgabat International Airport ' s 3rd runway length in ft is 2953 . The length of the 3rd runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 2953 feet . ASB is the IATA location identifier for Ashgabat International airport . The IATA Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is ASB . Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level . Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 meters . The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 2989.0 . The average runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 m . The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 3800.0 . Ashgabat International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 . The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0 . The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0 . The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0 . 12L / 30R is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport . 12R / 30L is the runway name of the Ashgabat International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport has the runway name 12R / 30L . Ashgabat International Airport has a runway named 12R / 30L . Athens is located in the country of Greece . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level . The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Athens International Airport is 94 . The runway length at Athens International Airport is 3 , 800 . The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0 . Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000.0 . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the U.S.A . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States . Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian . The leader ' s name of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is Don Guardian . Atlantic City International Airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KACY . KACY is the ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport . Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey . The elevation above sea level for Atlantic City International Airport is 75ft . The Atlantic City International Airport is 75 feet above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level . The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0 . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , N.J . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1 , 873 . The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 . The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873.0 . The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0 . Atlantic City International Airport runway name is 4 / 22 . 4 / 22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport . Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4 / 22 . The runway surface at Atlantic City International Airport is made from asphalt and concrete . The Atlantic City International Airport ' s runway surface is made of Asphalt and Concrete . French is the spoken language in Belgium . French is one of the languages spoken in Belgium . Belgium ' s leader is Charles Michel . The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel . French is the official language of Belgium . The official language of Belgium is French . German is the official language of Belgium . German is an official language of Belgium . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Wellington . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located in Wellington . Curitiba is located in Brazil . Curitiba is in Brazil . Curitiba is part of the State of Paraná . Curitiba is part of Parana state . Curitaba is part of the state of Parana . Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) . Danish is the language of Denmark . The language of Denmark is Danish . The Faroese language is spoken in Denmark . Denmark ' s language is Faroese . German is the language spoken in Denmark . German is the language of Denmark . German is a language spoken in Denmark . Greenlandic is the language spoken in Denmark . The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Margrethe II of Denmark . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark . The Queen of Denmark is Margrethe II . ENAIRE is in the city of Madrid . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid . ENAIRE is located in Madrid . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is in the United States . The Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township is a part of New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , is part of New Jersey . Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flanders . The Flemish Government has its jurisdiction in Flanders . Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flemish Region . The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region . The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is the Flemish Region . The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium . The people of Greece are called Greeks . The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks . Greece leader name is Alexis Tsipras . Alexis Tsipras is the name of the leader of Greece . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras . Greece ' s leader name is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the name of the Leader of Greece . Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Menasha , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of the town of Menasha in Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Menasha ( town ) , Wisconsin . Harrietsown , New York , is located in United States . Harrietstown , New York is in the United States . Harrietstown , New York is part of New York . Harrietstown , New York , is part of New York . Harrietstown is part of New York . Narendra Modi is the leader of India . The leader of India is Narendra Modi . One of the leaders of India is called . . Thakur . T S Thakur is a leader of India . India ' s Air Force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the Indian Air Force . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Infraero is in Brasilia . Infraero is located in Brasilia . Infraero location is in Brazil . Infraero is in Brazil . Infraero is located in Brazil . The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar . The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar . The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq . Iraq is led by Fuad Masum . Iraq ' s leader is Fuad Masum . The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum . Iraq leader name is Haider Al-Abadi . The leader if Iraq is called Haider al-Abadi . The official language of Iraq is Arabic . Arabic is the official language of Iraq . Lahore is in Pakistan . Lahore is located in Pakistan . Lake Placid , New York is located in the United States . Lake Placid , New York is part of Essex County , New York . Lake Placid , New York is part of New York . Luanda is in the country of Angola . Luanda is located in Angola . Madrid is part of the community of Madrid . Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid . The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid . Maple Ridge Townshio , Alpena County Michigan is in the United States . The Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the U.S . Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is located in the United States . Pakistan ' s leader is Mamnoon Hussain . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan . Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority Headquarters is the Jinnah International Airport . The headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority are at Jinnah International Airport . Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority ' s location is Jinnah International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport . Poaceae class is Monocotyledon . Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants . Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids . Poaceae is the order of Commelinids . Poaceae is of the Poales order . Poaceae is of the order Poales . Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales . Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ' s headquarter is New York . New York is the base of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New York . Punjab is found in the country Pakistan . Punjab is in Pakistan . Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is a leader in the Punjab , Pakistan . Punjab , Pakistan ' s leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana . The leader of Punjab , Pakistan is Shehbaz Sharif . The Punjab , Pakistan , is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . Punjab , Pakistan is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid . The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain . Saranac Lake , New York is located in the U.S . Saranac Lake New York is located in the United States . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Essex County , New York . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York . Saranac Lake , New York , is part of Harrietstown , New York . South Jersey Transportation Authority ' s leader name is Stephen Dilts . Stephen Dilts is the head of the South Jersey Transportation Authority . Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority . São José dos Pinhais is part Of Paraná ( state ) . Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of Parana . São José dos Pinhais is part of the south region of Brazil . Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil . Austin is the capital of Texas . The capital of Texas is Austin . Texas is in the United States . Texas is located in the United States . The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano . A Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas . The people of Texas are known as Texans . The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Texan . The people of Texas are called Texans . English is the language of Texas . The language spoken in Texas is English . Spanish is a language spoken in Texas . Tirstrup is located in the country of Denmark . Tirstrup is in the country of Denmark . Tirstrup is in Denmark . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Turkmenistan . Turkmenistan Airlines utilizes the Ashgabat International Airport as its hub . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport . Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport . The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport . United States Air FOrce aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force . United States Air Force ' s aircraft fighter is called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U. . Air Force . McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force . The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft of the United States Air Force . The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada . The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada . The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War . Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama . The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh . Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh . The leader name of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik . Wilson Township , in Alpena County , Michigan is in the U.S.A . Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United States . The Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United States . Ícolo e Bengo is located in Angola . Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province . Ícolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province . The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B.S . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 . Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 . Alan Bean ' s full name was " Alan LaVern Bean " . Alan Bean was born Alan LaVern Bean . Alan Bean ' s birth name was Alan LaVern Bean . Alan Bean ' s birth name is Alan LaVern Bean . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean ' s birthplace is Wheeler , , Texas . Alan Bean ' s birth place is Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean retired on June 1981 . Alan Bean retired in June of 1981 . Alan Bean retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean ' s retirement was in June 1981 . Alan Bean retired in June , 1981 . Alan Bean performed as a test pilot . Alan Bean performs as a test pilot . Alan Bean is retired . Alan Bean has retired . Alan Bean spent 100305.0 minutes in Space . 100305.0 minutes is the time Alan Bean spent in Space . Alan Bean was in space 100305 minutes . Alan Bean spent over 69 days in space , 100305 minutes to be exact ! Alan Bean spend a total of 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a member of the Apollo 12 crew . Alan Bean was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was chosen by NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean was hired by NASA in 1963 . Alan Shepard graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 . Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 . Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 . Alan Shepard was born on 1923-11-18 . Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November 1923 . Alan Shepard ' s birth place was New Hampshire . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard retired on 1974-08-01 . Alan Shepard retired 1st of August 1974 . Alan Shepard retired on August 1 , 1974 . Alan Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 . Alan Separd retired on 1st August 1974 . Alan Shepard died July 21st , 1998 . Alan Shepard died on July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shepard died on 1998-07-21 . Alan Shepard died 1998-07-21 . Alan Shepard ' s nationality is the United States . Alan Shepard is an American . Alan Shepard is from the United States . Alan Shepard was from the United States . Alan Shepard was American . Alan Shepard ' s occupation was a test pilot . Alan Shepard served as a Test pilot . Alan Shepard was a test pilot . Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 . Alan Shepard is dead . Alan Shepard ' s time in space amounted to 13017.0 minutes . 13017 , 0 minutes is the time Alan Shepard spent in space . Alan Shepard spent 130017 minutes in space . Alan Shepard spent just over 9 days in space . Alan Shepard ' s time in space is 13017 minutes . Alan Shepard spent 13017.0 minutes in space . Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard performed as the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was a member of the Apollo 14 crew . Alan Shepard was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was on the crew of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was a member of the crew of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was awarded the american defence service ribbon . Alan Shepard was awarded American Defense Service ribbon . Alan Shepard was awarded the American Defense Service Ribbon . Alan Shepard was awarded with the American Defense Service ribbon . NASA selected Alan Shepard in 1959 . In 1959 , Alan Shepard was selected by NASA . Alan Shepard was chosen by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard was hired by NASA in 1959 . The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA . Apollo 12 ' s backup pilot was Alfred Worden . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 . The operator of Apollo 12 was NASA . The Apollo 12 operator is NASA . NASA operated Apollo 12 . The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA . Apollo 12 is operated by NASA . Frank Borman was an Apollo 8 Commander . Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander . The Apollo 8 commander was Frank Borman . Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8 . Apollo 8 crew members included Frank Borman . Frank Borman was a crew member on Apollo 8 . Chris Patten served as a representative of British Hong Kong . Chris Patten represented British Hong Kong . Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong . Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. was commonly known as Buzz Aldrin . Buzz Aldrin is also called Edwin . Aldrin Jr . The number of Buzz Aldrin ' s awards are 20 . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin received 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin has won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin had 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930-01-20 . Buzz Aldrin ' s birth date is January 20 , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 . Buzz Aldrin was born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . Buzz Aldrin ' s birth name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . Buzz Aldrin was born with the name Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . Buzz Aldrin ' s birth place was Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin date of retirement was 1971 / 07 / 01 . Buzz Aldrin ' s retirement date is " 1971-07-01 " . Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1st , 1971 . Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1 , 1971 . Buzz Aldrin retired on the 1st of July 1971 . Buzz Aldrin retired on 1971-07-01 . Buzz Aldrin retired on Jul 1 , 1971 . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin served as a Fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin ' s occupation was a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is retired . Buzz Aldrin has retired . Buzz Aldrin was in space for 52 minutes . Buzz Aldrin spent a total of 52.0 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin was awarded with Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin won the Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin was awarded the " Legion of Merit " ribbon . Buzz Aldrin was awarded the ' Legion of Merit ' ribbon . Smilodon is a fossil from California . California have fossils of the Smilodon . A Smilodon is a fossil from California . The Smilodon fossil was found in California . The Senator representing California was Dianne Feinstein . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in the State of California . Dallas is located in the Collin County in Texas . Dallas is a county in Texas . The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot was born on the 23rd of July 1927 . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 . Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 . Elliot See was born on 07 / 23 / 1927 . Elliot See was born in Dallas . Elliot See is a United States national . NASA selected Elliot See in 1962 . Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 . Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See worked for NASA beginning in 1962 , . Glen Ridge is in the Essex County in New Jersey . Glen Ridge is located in the Essex County in New Jersey . Glen Ridge , New Jersey is situated in the Essex County . The purple finch is a native bird to New Hampshire . The Purple Finch is a New Hampshire bird . The Purple Finch is a bird living in New Hampshire . The New Hampshire state bird is the purple finch . S . Louis was situated in the Kingdom of France . S . Louis was part of the Kingdom of France . S . Louis is part of the Kingdom of France . S . Louis was a part of the kingdom of France . The name of St Louis ' leader is Francis . Slay . Francis G Slay is the Mayor of St Louis . Joe Biden is the United States leader . Joe Biden is a United States leader . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States . The United States leader was called Joe Biden . Joe Biden served as United State ' s vice president . Joe Biden is a United States leader . The University of Texas , Austin , is affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Gregory . Fenves is the President of University of Texas at Austin . Gregory . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin . Gregory . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin . In 1962 , William Anders received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFIT . William Anders graduated , with an M.S. , from AFIT in 1962 . William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S . William Anders graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 . William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 . William Anders was born October 17th 1933 . William Anders was born on October 17 , 1933 . William Anders was born 1933-10-17 . William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . William Anders retired Sept 1st 1969 . William Anders retired in 1969-09-01 . William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 . Willian Anders has a nationality that is of the United States . William Anders is an American . The nationality of William Anders is United States . William Anders is from the United States . William Anders was from the United STates . William Anders is a US national . William Anders was a Fighter pilot . William Anders served as a Fighter pilot . William Anders is a fighter pilot . William Anders is a test pilot . William Anders is retired . William Anders is now retired . William Anders has retired . William anders spent 8820 minutes in space . William Anders spent 8820.0 minutes in space . William Anders time in space has been 8820.0 minutes . William Anders walked in space 8820.0 minutes . William Anders time in space is 8820.0 minutes . William Anders official title is the United States Ambassador to Norway . United States ' s Ambassador to Norway is William Anders . William Anders is the US Ambassador to Norway . William Anders title is the United States Ambassador to Norway . William Anders served as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders crewed Apollo 8 . William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . William Anders was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . William Anders was selected by NASA in 1963 . William Anders joined NASA in 1963 . William Anders was chosen by NASA in 1963 . The architecture style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture . 1973 was the start date for the building at 103 Colmore Row . The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973 . 103 Colmore Row opened in 1973 . 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . The building of 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham . The building of 108 S . Georges Terrace was started in 1981 . 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 . 108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars . 108 St Georges Terrance cost 120m Australian dollars . The cost of 108 S . Georges Terrace is 120 million AUD . 108 S . Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599.0 square metres . 108 St Georges Terrace has a floor count of 50 . The 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth . 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth . The 11 Diagonal Street originated in 1978 . The building at 11 Diagonal Street was started to be erected in 1978 . 11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street is in Johannesburg . 11 Diagonal Street is located in Johannesburg . Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is owned by Redefine Properties Limited . The architect of 200 Public Square is HOK . 200 Public Square is 111484 square metres . There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square . 200 Public Square has a floor count of 45 . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Ohio 44114 . 200 Public Square is located in the United States . 200 Public square is in Cleveland . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland . 200 Public Square is located at Public Square , Cleveland . 200 Public Square is located in Public Square , Cleveland . 20 Fenchurch Street was designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly . Rafael Viñoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 . 20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34 . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London . The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 . January 2014 is the building start date of 250 Delaware Avenue . The cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue is " 110 million ( dollars ) " . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) . 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors . There are a total of 12 floors in 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12 . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle . The architect of 300 North LaSalle is Pickard Chilton . The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton . The building at 300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 . The floor area of 300 North LaSalle is 120770.0 square metres . 300 North LaSalle is in Illinois . The construction of 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 . 320 South Boston was completed in 1929 . 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 . The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres . The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121.92 metres . The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena . The 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building . The 3Arena hosts concerts and events . The completion date of 3Arena is December 2008 . The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 . The height of 3 arena is 28 metres . The height of 3Arena is 28.0 metres . 3Arena is 28.0 metres high . The 3Arena is located at the North Wall Quay . The 3Arena is located on North Wall Quay . The 3Arena is located at " North Wall Quay. " . The 3Arena is located in Dublin . 3 Arena is located in Dublin . 3Arena is located in Dublin . 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin . The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm . The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen was developed by the Bella Center . The developer of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center . Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors . There are 23 floors in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors . The AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center . The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel . Adare is part of Munster . The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin . The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain . Adare Manor ' s architect was George Richard Pain . The architect of Adare Manor was George Richard Pain . The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain . Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham . Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor . Lewis Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor . Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor . Adare Manor ' s architect was Philip Charles Hardwick . The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick . The construction of Adare Manor was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor was completed in 1862 . The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 . Adare Manor is located in Adare . Adare Manor is located in County Limerick . Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick . J P McManus is the owner of Adare Manor . J. . McManus is the owner of Adare Manor . JP McManus owns Adare Manor . Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopia . Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia . Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa . Addis Ababa Stadium is situated in Addis Ababa . The Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addis Ababa . Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 . The start date for building Addis Ababa City Hall was 1961 . They started to build Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 . The Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of the local government . Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of Local Government . Addid Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia . The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall . The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall . The floor area of Addis Ababa City Hall is 140000.0 ( square metres ) . Addis Ababa City Hall has a 140000.0 ( square metres ) floor area . Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa . The address of Adisham Hall is S . Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . The address of Adisham Hall is , St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian . Adisham Hall is in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " . Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style . Adisham Hall has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' . The Adisham Hall ' s style of architecture is Tudor Revival . Construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927 . Adisham Hall was begun to be built in 1927 . Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 . The construction of Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall was finished in 1931 . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka . Aidsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka . Ahmedabad is in India . Ahmedabad is located in India . Akita Akita is found in the country of Japan . Akita is located in Japan . Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture . The address of Akita Museum of Art is " 1-4-2 Nakadori " . The address of Akita Musuem of Art is 142 Nakadori . Tadao Ando is the architect of the Akita Museum of Art . The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 ( square metres ) . The floor area of the Akita Museum of Art is 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors . The Akita Museum of Art 3 floors . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture . The Akita Prefecture is located in Japan . The Akita Prefecture is part of the country of Japan . Akita Prefecture is located in Japan . The address of Alan . Miller Hall is " 101 Ukrop Way " . The address of Alan . Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way . Robert A. . Stern is the architect for Alan . Miller Hall . The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern . Alan . Miller Hall was designed by Robert A. . Stern . The architectural style of the Alan . Miller Hall is Georgian . The architectural style of the Alan B Miller Hall is Georgian . Alan . Miller Hall ' s building start date was in 30th March 2007 . They started to build Alan B Miller Hall on 30 March , 2007 . Alan . Miller Hall was completed on June 1st , 2009 . Alan . Miller Hall was completed on " 1 June 2009 " . The Alan . Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 . The Alan B Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars . Alan . Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars . Alan . Miller Hall was in augurated on 2009-10-02 . Alan . Miller Hall was inaugurated on " 2009-10-02 " . The inauguration date of the Alan . Miller Hall was 2nd October , 2009 . Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia . Alan . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia . The Alan . Miller Hall is in Williamsburg , Virginia . The Alan B Miller Hall ' s location is Williamsburg , Virginia . The Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg , Virginia . Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall . Architect , Alfred Giles was born in England . The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County Texas . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India . The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara . Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District . Ampara hospital is located in Ampara district . The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital has a website . Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles . The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U. . Route 83 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U. . Route 83 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 . Asherton is situated in Texas , United States . Asherton , Texas is in the country of the United States . Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas . Asherton , Texas is part of the United States . Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . The reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places for Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823 . " 87000823 " is Asilomar Conference Grounds ' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . The Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman . The Asilomar Conference Grounds has an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture . The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California . Asser Levy Public Baths has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of Asser Levy Public Baths is 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980-04-23 " . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 . The Asser Levy Public Baths architectural style is that of Romanesque Revival . The Asser Levy Public Baths are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture . The Asser Levy Public Baths is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street . Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan . The birth place of Augustus Pugin is Bloomsbury . One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster . Birmingham ' s governing body is Birmingham City Council . The governing body of Birmingham is Birmingham City Council . Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham . Birmingham ' s leader is Andrew Mitchell . The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham . Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders of Birmingham . Birmingham Council is lead by the Labour Party ( UK ) . The Labour Party leads Birmingham . The Liberal Democrats are the leaders of Birmingham . The leader of Birmingham are the Liberal Democrats . Buffalo New York is part of New York . Chicago is located in the United States . Chicago is located in the U.S . Chicago is in the United States . Chicago is in Cook County , Illinois . Chicago is part of Illinois . Chicago is part of the State of Illinois . the city of Chicago is part of the state of Illinois . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago . Chicago ' s leader is called Rahm Emanuel . Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago . Cleveland is located in the United States . Cleveland is in the United States . The Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio . Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio . Cleveland is located within Ohio , . Cleveland is part of Ohio . Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland . the leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson . Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary . The Chancellor of the College of William and Mary is Robert Gates . Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary . Limerick City and County Council governs County Limerick . The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen . The Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark . The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark . One of the languages used in Denmark is the German language . Greenlandic is one of the languages of Denmark . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark ' s leader . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the prime minister of Denmark . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark . Margrethe II of Denmark is the name of Denmark ' s leader . Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland . Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin . Dublin is lead by the European Parliament . The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament . The governing body of the Eastern Province Sri Lanka is the Eastern Provincial Council . Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province in Sri Lanka . The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The currency of Ethiopia is the Ethiopian birr . Amharic is a language found in Ethiopia . Amharic is the language of Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia . George Winkler is from the United States . George Winkler is from the United States of America . Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly . The capital of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois . The capital of Illinois is Springfield . Illinois is in the United States . Illinois state is in the United States . The language of Illinois is the English language . Narendra Modi leads India . The leader of India is Narendra Modi . T S Thakur is a leader in India . The leader of India is called T S Thakur . There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan . In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos . The main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanese . Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans . There is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan . The leader of Japan is called Akihito . The leader of Japan is Akihito . The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe . Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan . John Madin was born in Birmingham . Birmingham is the home town of John Madin . The hometown of Joh Madin is Birmingham . The birth place of Julia Morgan is California . Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco . One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach . Julie Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco . The Riverside Art Musuem is one of Julia Morgan ' s significant buildings . Julia Morgan was the architect of the landmark Hearst Castle . Hearst Castle was a significant project for Julia Morgan . The leader of London is called Boris Johnson . London is lead via the European Parliament . The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London . Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan . Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan . Marriott International was founded in Washington , D.C . Marriott International is located in Bethesda Maryland . The Marriott International is located in Bethseda , Maryland . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States . New York city is located in the U.S . New York City is in the United States . New York City is located in the United States . Brooklyn is part of New York City . Brooklyn is a part of New York City . Manhattan is part of New York City . New York City is part of Manhattan . New York City is part of New York . Pacific Grove , California is in the United States . Perth is located in Australia . Perth is in Australia . The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro . The Republic of Ireland ' s currency is the Euro . Irish people are the inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland . Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland . The demonym of natives of the Republic of Ireland is Irish people . In the Republic of Ireland they speak Irish . One of the ethnic groups within South Africa is Asian South Africans . One of South Africa ' s ethnic groups are the Coloured . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa . Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa . Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa . The leader of South Africa is called Cyril Ramaphosa . South Africa ' s leader is called Jacob Zuma . The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma . Jacob Zuma is a leader in South Africa . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka . Ski Lanka ' s currency is the Ski Lankan rupee . The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee . The language of Sri Lanka is the Tamil language . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Washington DC is the capital of the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington D.C . Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA . One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans . An ethnic group of the United States is Asian Americans . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . There is an ethnic group of Asians in the United States . One United States ethnic group is White Americans . English is the language of the U.S. . English is the language in the United States . The English language is the language of the United States . The leader of the United States was Barack Obama . Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States . The leader of the United States is Joe Biden . The United States of America`s Chief Justice is John Roberts . John Roberts is a leader in the United States . The title of the leader of the United States is President of the United States . The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States . Virginia is in the United States . 1634 : The Baltic War was written by David Weber . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253-7 . The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is Virginia DeMarce . the novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written in English . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is available in print form . The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was put in print . 1634 The Bavarian Crisis comes in hardcover . 1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis is available in hardcover . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Galileo Affair was followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Galileo Affair is followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Galileo Affair is written in the English language . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S . English is the language used in 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English . 1634 : The Ram Rebelllion can be found as an E book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is of the media type E book . The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion can be found in hardcover . The 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a paperback . 1634 The Ram Rebellion is available in paperback . The novel 1634 The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion has 512 pages . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . Harvard University is A. . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater . Stanford University is A. . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater . Charlie Johnson is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson ' s doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . A. . Charlie Johnsonis doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham . A. . Charlie Johnson is from the United States . The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson . ATISET is the CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems . The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is " ATISET " . The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is ATISET . The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1046-8188 . The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1558-2868 . The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-2868 . 89646863 is the LCCN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst . The abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on information Systems . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery . ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by the Association for Computing Machinery . AIDS ( journal ) has the ISSN number of " 0269-9370 " . The ISSN number of AIDS ( journal ) is 0269-9370 . AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571 . The Aids Journal ISSN number is 1473-5571 . The ISSN number of AIDS journal is 1473-5571 . The AIDS journal has the LCCN number 90640840 . The LCCN number of AIDS ( journal ) is 90640840 . The LCCN number of AIDS journal is 90640840 . AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV . The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV . The Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS . AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The coden code for AIP Advances is AAIDBI . AIP Advances has a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " . AIP Advances , ISSN number 2158-3226 . AIP Advances has the ISSN number of " 2158-3226 " . AIP Advances has the ISSN number 2158-3226 . " AIP Adv. " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances . AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv . AIP Advances is devoted to the study of physics . AIP Advances editors include the following : Vincent . Crespi , Bernard . Gerstman , A. . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge . Wang . The editors of AIP Advances are Vicent . Crespi , Bernard . Gerstman , A. . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge . Wang . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson . AIP Advances has the impact factor 1.524 , . The impact factor of AIP Advances is 1.524 . The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances . AIP Advances was published by American Institute of Physics . AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics . The ISBN number of the book A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 . The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice ' s ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6 . The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173 . J. . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice . The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J. . Jones . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language . A Fortress of Grey Icewas originally published in English . The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " can be found in print . A Fortress of Grey Ice was made in " Print " . A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by Tor Books . Tor Books publishes A Fortress of Grey Ice . The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " was published by Tor Books . A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0 . The Library of Congress Classification of A Glastonbury Romance is PR6031O867 . The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys . A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys . The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " . A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands . A Glastonbury Romance is in print . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages . A Glastonbury Romance was preceded By Wolf Solent . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent . A Glastonbury Romance is published by Simon & Schuster . Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance . A Glastonbury Romance is publshed by The Bodley Head . A Glastonbuy Romance is published by The Bodley Head . A Glastonbury Romance was published by The Bodley Head . The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland . The novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way " . A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback . A Long Long Way has 292 pages in it . Annie Dunne preceded A Long Long Way . A Long Long Way is preceded by Annie Dunne . A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press . A long long way is published by Viking press . A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong . A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Xiaolong . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English . A Loyal Character Dancer can be found in hardcover , . A Loyal Character Dancer has 360 pages . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press . PS3523.E55 S4 1982 is the Library of Congress Classification of " A Severed Wasp " . The Library of Congress Classification of A Severed Wasp is PS3523.E55 S4 1982 . The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 . A Severed Wasp is from the United States . A severed Wasp originates from the United States . A Severed Wasp is in the English language . A severed wasp can be found in print . The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print . There are 388 pages in the book " A Severed Wasp " . A Severed Wasp has 388 pages . Farrar , Straus and Giroux publish A Severed Wasp . A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux . A Wizard of Mars ISBN number is " 978-0-15-204770-2 " . A Wizard of Mars ' ISBN number is " 978-0-15-204770-2 " . The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 . " A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States " . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States . A Wizard of Mars was published in print . A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover . A Wizard of Mars was published in hardback . A wizard of Mars is 560 pages long . There are 560 pages in " A Wizard of Mars " . The book A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages . A Wizard of Mars was published by Harcourt . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the CODEN code AMHAAJ . The CODEN code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is AMHAAJ . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 1865-8784 . The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is 1865-8784 . The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 1865-8784 . " Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg . The abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . The abbreviation of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . Springer Science & Business Media is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg . Above the Veil has an ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil has the OCLC number 46451790 . Above the Veil has a OCLC number of 46451790 . Above the Veil is from the country of Australia . The novel " Into Battle " followed " Above the Veil " . The novel Into Battle followed Above the Veil . Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle . Above the Veil is written in English . Above the Veil is 248 pages long . Above the Veil contains 248 pages . Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica CODEN code is " AMAHE9 " . The code of Acta Mathematica is AMAHE9 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236-5294 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is " 0236-5294 " . The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 0236-5294 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is ISSN number 1588-2632 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number of " 1588-2632 " . The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 1588-2632 . 83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica . Springer Science+Business Media is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica . Acta Mathematica Hungarica are the publishers of Springer Science+Business Media . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is " 1732-2421 " . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s abbreviated name is Acta Palaeonto . Pol . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences . Addiction ( Journal ) has the CODEN Code ADICE5 . The CODEN code " ADICE5 " is for Addiction ( journal ) . The journal Addiction had the ISSN number 0965-2140 . The Addiction journal has an ISSN number of 0965-2140 . The ISSN number of Addiction journeal is 0965-2140 . The ISSN number of Addiction ( journal ) is 1360-0443 . The ISSN number of Addiction journal is 1360-0443 . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal . The journal Addiction is published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . The Administrative Science Quarterly has a Coden code of " ASCQAG " . Administrative Science Quarterly has a CODEN code of " ASCQAG " . The code for Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG . The ISSN number " 0001-8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly has the OCLC number 1461102 . 1461102 is the OCLC number for Administrative Science Quarterly . The Administrative Science Quarterly has a OCLC number of 1461102 . Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q . Admi . Sc . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly . The abbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admi . Sc . Q . The Administrative Science Quarterly comes under the academic discipline of Management . The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly is Management . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . Administrative Science Quarterly publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . Cornell University is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Sage Publications . The ISBN number of Aenir is 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix . The author of Aenir is Garth Nix . The book Aenir was written by Australians . The novel Aenir was followed by Above the Veil . The book Aenir was followed up by Above the Veil . Aenir is a paperback . The book Aenir is available in paperback . Aenir is 233 pages long . Aenir was written after Castle . Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson . The author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Brandon Sanderson . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the genre of Fantasy literature . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy novel . The book " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages . Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones was authored by Brandon Sanderson . Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones was written by Brandon Sanderson . The American Journal of Math EISSN number is 1080 . 1080 is the EISSN number for the American Journal of Mathematics . The EISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080 . The ISSN number " 0002-9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematics . American Journal of Mathematics ISSN number : 0002-9327 . The ISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080-6377 . The book American Journal of Mathematics has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . American Journal of Mathematics has the OCLC number 1480153 . The OCLC number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1480153 . The American Journal of Mathematics has an OCLC number of 1480153 . The American Journal of Mathematics is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math . The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreivated to A . . Math . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 . The American Journal of Mathematics is published bimonthly . The American Journal of Mathematics is published bi-monthly . American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press . The novel Annie Dunne is followed by A Long Long Way . Annie Dunne was followed by A Long , Long Way . New York City is where the Association for Computing machinery headquarters is located . The Association for Computing Machinery is headquartered in New York City . Alexander . Wolf is a leader of the Association for Computing Machinery . Alexander . Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machine . The leader of the Association for Computing Machinery is Alexander . Wolf . Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln Nebraska . Lincoln , Nebraska is the birthplace of Brandon Sanderson . Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln , Nebraska . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Cornell University is in the city of Ithaca , New York . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York . The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett . Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University . Cornell University is in the state of New York . Cornell Unversity is in New York . The English language is spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . Grantville Gazette II was preceded by The Grantville Gazette . HIV is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family . The HIV virus is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae . HIV belongs to the family Orthoretrovirinae . HIV is classed as a Retrovirus . The novel Into Battle is followed by The Violet Keystone . The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle . Into Battle was followed by The Violet Keystone . The novel Into Battle is preceded by Above the Veil . Above the Viel is the sequel to Into Battle . White people are an ethnic group within Ireland . An ethnic group of Ireland is white people . The ethnic group of Ireland is White people . The largest city in Ireland is Dublin . Dublin is the largest city in Ireland . Dublin is Ireland ' s largest city . Ireland is located in Europe . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . John Cowper Powys died in Blaenau Ffestinlog . One of John Cowper Powys notable works is Oliver Glendower . The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys . A notable work of John Cowper Powys is A Romance of the Dark Ages . John Hopkins University Press is located in the United States . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press . The United States is the country of origin of Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . Lippincott , Williams , and Wilkins is located in the United States . Lippincott Williams & Wilkins are from the United States . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer . Madeleine L ' Engle is influenced by George MacDonald . The headquarters of the Polish Academy of Sciences is in Warsaw . The Polish Academy of Sciences is headquartered in Warsaw . The Polish Academy of Sciences is based in Poland . Ring of Fire II was preceded by 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications . Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications . Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media . The founder of Springer Science and Business Media is Julius Springer . The Bodley Head was founded by Charles Elkin Mathews . The founder of The Bodley Head is Charles Elkin Mathews . A Long Long Way came before the book " The Secret Scripture " . The Secret Scripture is preceded by A Long , Long Way . Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books . Macmillan Publishers owns Tor Books . Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Tor Books . London is the capital city in the UK . The capital of the United Kingdom is London . The capital city of the United Kingdom is London . British people live in the United Kingdom . The United Kingdom is populated by the British people . United Kingdom has the English language . The language spoken in the United Kingdom is English . David Cameron is a leader in the UK . The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron . The capital of the United States is Washington , D.C . Washington . C. is the capital of the United States . Americans inhabit the U.S . The demonym for people living in the United States is Americans . In the United States one of the ethnic groups is African American . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . The leader of the United States is Barack Obama . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States . Barack Obama is the president of the US . Viking Press is in the United States . Viking Press is located in the United States . Weymouth Sands ' author was John Cowper Powys . John Cowper Powys is the author of Weymouth Sands . Weymouth Sands was written by John Cowper Powys . Maiden Castle ( novel ) was preceded by Weymouth Sands . The novel Maiden Castle followed the novel Weymouth Sands . Maiden Castle is a sequel to Weymouth Sands . Wizards at War was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) . Wizards at War is published by Harcourt . Wolf Solent was followed by A Glastonbury Romance . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent . . FC Köln has 50000 members . F. . Koln have 50000 members . 1 FC Köln played in the 2014 season . . FC Köln were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season . FC Köln played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . 1.FC Magdeburg has 27250 members . FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season . In 2014-15 season , 1 FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga . FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 . A > C Cesena ground is in Cesena . A. . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy . A. . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi . A. . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi . AC Cesena are in the Serie B league . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena . A. . Cesena has 23900 members . The fullname of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona . The home ground of A. . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . A. . Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona . A. . Chievo Verona play in Verona . AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league . A. . Chievo Verona is in the league , Serie A . A. . Chievo Verona play in Serie A . A. . Chievo Verona has 39371 members . AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season . A. . ChievoVerona played in the 2014 season . A. . Chievo Verona were in the 2014–15 Serie A season . A. . Chievo Verona were in Serie A in 2014-15 . The " Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA " is the full name of A. . Lumezzane . Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A. . Lumezzane . A. . Lumezzane play in italy . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy . A.C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro / A . A. . Lumezzane play in Lega Pro / A . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini . AC Lumezzane has 4150 members . The A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members . AC Lumezzane played in the 2014 season . I am interested in the 2014 A. . Lumezzane season . The full name of A. . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan . The ground of AD Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez . A. . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán . A. . Isidro Metapán is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez . AD Isidro Metapan has 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapán has 10000 members . The number of members of Isidro Metapán is 10000 . Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . The chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is Antonis Milionis . The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league , EPSTH 2nd GROUP . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . Jepson Way is the grounds for A.F. . Blackpool . A.F.C Blackpool play in the English Football League system . A.F. . Blackpool play in the English Football League . AFC Blackpool play in the North West Counties Football League . A.F. . Blackpool is part of the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) . AFC Blackpool competed in the 2014 season . In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League . The full name of the A.F. . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde. " . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " . A.F. . Fylde are based at Bryning Lane . A.F. . Fylde are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . The ground of AFC Fylde can be found in the county of Lancashire . A.F. . Fylde ' s ground is in Lancashire . AFC Fylde ' s ground is located in Warton , Fylde . A.F.C. is a member of the National League North . Fylde played in the National League North league . A.F. . Fylde play in National League North . Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde . Dave Challinor manages A.F. . Fylde . AFC Fylde has 3180 members . A.F. . Fylde has 3180 members . A.F.C Fylde has 3180 members . AFC Fylde competed in the 2014 season . A.F. . Fylde played in 2014 . AFC Fylde played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference . The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . The fullname of A. . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti . The A. . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D . A. . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league . A. . Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D . A.S Gubbio played in the 2014 season . A. . Gubbio 1910 were in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season . Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calcio . AS Livorno Calcio has the full name of " Livorno Calcio S.p.A " . Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A. . Livorno Calcio . The fullname of A. . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A . Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio . A. . Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , Italy . A.S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno . A S Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi . The league that A. . Livorno Calcio play in is Serie B . AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B . AS Livorno club plays in Serie B . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci . A. . Livorno Calcio played in the 2014 season . A. . Livorno Calcio played in season 2014 . AS Livorno Calcio played season 2014-15 in Serie B . A. . Livorno Calcio were in the 2014–15 Serie B season . A. . Livorno Calcio were in Serie B in the 2014-15 season . The chairman of the A. . Roma is James Pallotta . James Pallotta is the chairman of A. . Roma . A. . Roma ' s chairman is James Pallotta . The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. " is the non-abbreviated name of A. . Roma . A. . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . The fullname of A. . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . A. . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy . A.S.Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy . A. . Roma have a ground in Rome . A.S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico . AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti . Luciano Spalletti manages A. . Roma . The manager of A. . Roma is Luciano Spalletti . AS Roma has 70634 members . A. . Roma has 70634 members . AS Roma competed in the 2014 season . The full name of ACF Fiorentia is " ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. " . The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A . ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A . ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina . The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa . ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members . ACF Fiorentina have 47290 members . ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season . ACF Fiorentina played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . AEK Athens ' s ground is in Greece . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens FC had the manager Gus Poyet . AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet . AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet . AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members . AEK Athens FC played in the 2014 season . The full name of AFC Ajax is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " . The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax . The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V . The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax NV . AFC Ajax N.V. owns AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season . AFC Ajax played in season 2014 . AFC Ajax were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015 . AFC Ajax played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs . The AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) complete name is the " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs . AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam . The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found in Amsterdam . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has the nickname " Lucky Ajax " . AFC Ajax is nicknamed Lucky Ajax . The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Lucky Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 season . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season . the AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan . The AZAL arena is in Azerbaijan . AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan . The AZAL Arena is in Shuvalan . AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " . AZAL PFK ' s full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu . The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK . The number of members of Azal Pfk is 3500 . AZAL PFK Bakou is playing Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014–15 . AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15 . AZ Alkmaar full name is " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " . Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar . AZ Alkmaar ' s ground is the AFAS Stadion . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar . the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom . Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar . Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar . AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn . Robert Eehoorn owns AZ Alkmaar . AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 season . The chairman of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens has the title of ' President ' . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league . Alvinegro is the nickname for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense nickname is Asa Gigante . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in 2015 . Akron , Ohio is part of Summit County , Ohio . Akron , Ohio is a part of Summit County , Ohio . Akron , Ohio is led by Dan Horrigan . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio . The leader of Akron , Ohio is Dan Horrigan . Akron , Ohio is located in the United States . Akrons Summit Assault chairman is Dave Laughlin . Akron Summit Assault ' s chairman is Dave Laughlin . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio . Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League . Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault . Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 season . Akron Summit Assault was in the 2011 season . Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011 . Akron Summit Assault play in the 2011 PDL season . Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam . Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam . The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis . The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK . Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League . The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK . Blackpool is lead by Gordon Marsden . Gordon Marsden is one of Blackpool ' s leaders . The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden . The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party ( UK ) . Blackpool ' s council is Labour . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is from Brazil . Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is based in Brazil . Christian Panucci has been manager of A S Livorno Calcio . Christian Panucci plays for A. . Livorno Calcio . Christian Panucci plays at the A. . Roma . Christian Panucci is in the A. . Roma club . Christian Panucci plays for A. . Roma . Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C . Christian Panucci is attached to the club Genoa CFC . Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team . Christian Panucci plays for the Italy national football team . Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club . Dave Challinor is a player at the A.F. . Fylde . Dave Challinor is at the A.F. . Flyde club . Dave Challinor played for Bury F.C . Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC . Dave Challinor is a player of Colwyn Bay F.C. club . Dave Challinor plays for Colwyn Bay F.C . Dave Challinor plays at the Stockport County F.C . Dave Challinor played for Stockport County F.C . Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C . Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas . The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas . Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is locatedd in Alagoas . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca . The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca . The Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Arapiraca . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonesca is in Brazil . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil . Frank de Boer played for AFC Ajax . Frank de Boer plays for AFC Ajax . Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy . Frank de Boer played for Al-Shamal Sports Club . Frank de Boer plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club . Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team . The currency in Greece is the euro . The Euro is the currency in Greece . Money used in Greece is the Euro . The people from Greece are called Greeks . Greeks inhabit Greece . Greek is the language of Greece . Greek is spoken in Greece . Greece ' s leader is Alexis Tsipras . Alexis Tsipras heads Greece . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras . Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of Greece . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece . Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza , a football club . Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club . Gus Poyet ' s club is Real Zaragoza . Rome is the capital of Italy . The capital of Italy is Rome . Italy is inhabited by Italians . Italians are the people who live in Italy . Italians inhabit Italy . The language spoken in italy is Italian language . The Italian language is spoken in Italy . Italy ' s leader is Pietro Grasso . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso . The official language of Italy is the Italian language . Italian is the official language of Italy . Boston is the birthplace of James Pallotta . James Pallota was born in Boston . The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig . Jens Hartel plays for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig . Jens Hartel is a member of the ! FC Magdeburgs . Jens Härtel is in the . FC Magdeburg club . Jens Härtel is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel played for Berliner AK 07 . Jens Hartel club is Berliner AK 07 . Jens Härtel is a member of the FSV Zwickau club . Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club . Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig . Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club . Jens Hartel plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . John van den Brom plays for ADO Den Haag . John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap . John van den Brom plays for Jong Ajax . John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team . John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands national football team . John van den Brom plays for R.S. . Anderlecht . John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş . John van den Brom plays for Istanbulspor A.S . Jorge Humberto Rodgriguez plays for the Alianza F.C. club . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez club is Alianza F.C . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F.C . Jorge Humberto Rodriquez plays for the C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is in C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a member of C. . Aguila . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team . Luciano Spalletti is in the A. . Roma club . Luciano Spalletti ' s club is A. . Roma . Luciano Spalletti plays for A. . Roma . Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C . Luciano Spalletti was at the club Virtus Entella . Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella . Massimo Drago is in the A. . Cesena club . Massimo Drago is in club Calcio Catania . Massimo Drago ' s club was Calcio Catania . Massimo Drago plays for Calcio Catania . Massimo Drago played for S.S. . Potenza Calcio . Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio . Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio . Max Huiberts is associated with the club AZ Alkmaar . Max Huiberts is in the AZ Alkmaar club . Michele Marcolini plays for A. . Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini has been associated with F. . Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini owns Torino F.C . Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F.C. club . Michele Marcolini plays for Torino F.C . Michele Marcolini was born in Italy . Michele Marcolini played youth football for Torino FC . Barrow AFC are previous champions of the National League North . Barrow A.F.C. team won the championship before in the National League North . Barrow A.F.C. are the National League North Champions . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in the city of Athens . The Olympic Stadium is in Athens . Paulo Sousa plays for ACF Fiorentina . Paulo Sousa once played for Inter Milan . Paulo Sousa is attached to the club Inter Milan . Paulo Sousa plays at the Inter Milan club . Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC . Paulo Sousa club is Juventus . Paulo Sousa played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C . Paulo Sousa plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C . Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football Team . Footballer , Peter Stöger , plays for the Austria National Football team . Peter Stoger plays for the Austria national football team . Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling . Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling . Peter Stoger plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling . Peter Stoger is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club . Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club . Peter Stoger plays for Favoritner AC . Peter Stöger played for the club LASK Linz . Peter Stoger plays for LASK Linz . Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club . Peter Stöger played for SC Wiener Neustadt . Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt . Peter Stöger was at the club SK Rapid Wien . Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien . Peter Stöger played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr . Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club . Rolando Maran is attached to AC Chievo Verona . Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania . Rolando Maran is a member of the Calcio Cantania . Rolando Maran plays for Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club . Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D . Rolando Maran used to be at Varese Calcio S.S.D . Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club . Rolando Maran plays at the Vicenza Calcio . Rolando Maran is in the Vicenza Calcio club . Rolando Maran plays for Vicenza Calcio . Rolando Maran was born in Italy . Juventus FC have been Serie A champions . Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A . Serie A is based in Italy . Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B . Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B . Carpi F.C. 1909 won the Serie B championship before . Serie D champions include S S Robur Siena . The champions of Serie D are S. . Robur Siena . Sportpark De Toekomst is operated by AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax operate Sportpark De Toekomst . AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst . Sportpark De Toekomst is owned by AFC Ajax N.V . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School is in the state of Ohio . Stuart Parker is a footballer in the A.F.C Blackpool club . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has represented AFC Blackpool . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Blackburn Rovers FC . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackpool F.C . The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club . Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield F.C . Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Drogheda United FC . Stuart Parker is a member of the Irlam Town F.C . Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen . Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club . the football player Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was a player for Runcorn FC Halton . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Runcorn F. . Halton . Stuart Parker plays at the Sparta Rotterdam club . Stuart Parker is in the club Sparta Rotterdam . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) once played for Stockport County FC . Stuart Parker ' s football club was Stockport County F.C . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Stockport County F.C . Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece . Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague . The Superleague Greece champions are Olympiacos F.C . There are 14.2 square kilometers of water in Abilene , Texas . Abilene , Texas has a water area of 14.2 square kilometres . Abilene , Texas has an area of water that is 14.2 square kilometres . Abilene ( Texas ) has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres . Abilene in Texas has a total area of 286.5 SqK . Abilene , Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km . Albilene is in Texas , in the United States . Abilene , Texas is located in the United States . Abilene , Texas is located within the United States . Abilene Texas is 524m above sea level . Abilene , Texas is 524.0 above sea level . Abilene , Texas is situated at 524.0 above sea level . Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas . Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas . Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas . Abilene , Texas is located in Taylor County , Texas . The total population density of Abilene , Texas is 429.9 inhabitants per sq km . Albilene , Texas has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre . Abilene , Texas , has a population density of 429.9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Adams Township is in Madison County , in Indiana , in the United States . Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States . The area codes in Akron , Ohio are 234 and 330 . Akron in Ohio has .88 square kilometres of water . The area of water with Akron , Ohio , is .88 sq. km . Akron , Ohio has a total area of 161.54 square kilometres . The total area of Akron Ohio is 161.54 Sq Km . The total area of Akron , Ohio is 161.54 square kilometres . The country of Akron , Ohio , is United States . Akron is in Summit County , Ohio . Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio . Akron Ohio is part of the U.S . Akron , Ohio is part of the United States . Mayor is the title of the leader of Akron , Ohio . The leader of Akron , Ohio is the Mayor . The leader in Akron , Ohio is the Mayor . The population density of Akron , Ohio is 1239.3 inhabitants per square km . Alabama is in the United States . Alabama is located within the United States . Albany , Georgia has a total area of 144.7 SqKm . The total area of Albany , Georgia is 144.7 square kilometres . Albany is in Georgia in the United States . Albany , Georgia , is within the United States . Albany , Georgia is located at 62.0 above sea level . The elevation above the sea level in Albany , Georgia , is 62.0 . Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia . Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia . Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia . Albany is located in the US state of Georgia . Albany is part of the state of Georgia . Albany , Georgia is in the United States . Albany is in Georgia which is a part of the United States . Albany , Georgia , is in the United States . Albany in Georgia , has a population density of 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre . Albany in Georgia has a population density of 535 people per square kilometer . The population density of Albany , Georgia is 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre . Albany , Oregon has area codes 541 and 458 . The area codes for Albany , Oregon are 541 and 458 . There is .54 square kilometers of water in Albany , Oregon . Albany , Oregon is 64 , 008 above sea level . Albany , Oregon is located at 64.008 above sea level . Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon . The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon . Albany is a city in Linn County , Oregon . Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon . Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon . The population density of Albany , in Oregon , is 1104.1 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density for Albany , Oregon is 1104.1 inhabitants per sq km . Albuquerque , New Mexico has area codes 505 and 575 . The area codes in Albuquerque , New Mexico are 505 and 575 . The land area , of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , is 486.2 square kilometres . Albuquerque , N.M. has an area of land of 486.2 square kilometers . Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States . Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County . Albuquerque is in New Mexico . The leader , of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , is Richard . Berry . Richard . Berry is the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico . The leader of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) is called the Mayor of Albuquerque . The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico has the title of Mayor of Albuquerque . Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque . In Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , the leader is called , the United States House of Representatives . The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives . Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . There are 1142.3 people per square kilometers in Albuquerque , N.M . The population density of Albuquerque in New Mexico is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km . Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard . Berry . The leader of the Albuquerque City Council is Richard . Berry . Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council . The area code for Alexandria , Indiana is 765 . The area code of Alexandria , Indiana is 765 . Alexandria , in Indiana , has a total area of 6 , 81 square kilometres . Alexandria in Indiana occupies 6.81 square kilometers . The total area of Alexandria , Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres . Alexandria , Indiana is 265m above sea level . Alexandria , Indiana is located at 265.0 above sea level . Alexandria is part of Indiana . Alexandria is located in Indiana . Alexandria is part of the state of Indiana . Alexandria , Indiana , is part of Madison County . Alexandria , Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana . Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , in Indiana . Alexandria , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County . Alexandria is part of Monroe township , Madison County , Indiana . The population density of Alexandria , Indiana is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km . Alpharetta , Georgia has area codes 770 , 404 , and 678 . The area codes for Alpharetta , Georgia are 770 , 404 and 678 . Alpharetta , Georgia has a total area of water of 1.0 sq km . The area of water in Alpharetta , Georgia , is 1.0 ( square kilometres ) . The total area of Alpharetta , Georgia is 55.4 SqKm . The area of Alpharetta , Georgia is 55.4 square kilometres . Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55.4 square kilometres . Alpharetta , is in Georgia , in the United States . Alpharetta , Georgia is located within the United States . Alpharetta , Georgia is elevated 346.0 above sea level . Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia . Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia . Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia . Alpharetta is part of the U.S. state , Georgia . Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . Alpharetta is part of Georgia ( U.S state ) . There are 992.6 people per square kilometres in Alpharetta , Georgia . Alpharetta , Georgia has a population density of 992.6 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density in Alpharetta , Georgia is 992.6 inhabitants per sq km . The area code for Amarillo , Texas is 806 . Amarillo Texas is elevated 1099.0 above sea level . Amarillo , Texas is 1099 metres above sea level . Amarillo is a city in Texas . Amarillo , Texas has a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre . 746 people per square kilometre inhabit Amarillo , Texas . Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 . Anaheim , CA has a UTC offset of minus 7 . Anaheim , California has an UTC offset of -7 . Anaheim , in California , has a UTC offset of -8 . The UTC offset for Anaheim , California is -8 . 657 and 714 are area codes for Anaheim , CA . Anaheim in California has the area code : 657 , 714 . The area of water , in Anaheim ( California ) , is 25.2 square kilometres . Anaheim , CA has 25.2 square kilometres of water . Anaheim , California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres . The total area for Anaheim California is 131.6 square kilometres . Anaheim , California is in the U.S . Anaheim is in California in the U.S . Anaheim , California is located within the United States . Anaheim in California has an elevation of 48.0m above sea level . Anaheim , California is situated at 48.0 above sea level . Anaheim is part of California . Anaheim is a city in Orange County which is part of California . Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim , California . Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim , California . The leader of Anaheim , California , is Tom Tait . Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly . The California State Senate leads Anaheim , California . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California . Anaheim , CA has 336265 people inhabiting it . The total population of Anaheim California is 336265 . Anaheim , California has a population of 336265 . The area code of Anderson , in Indiana , is 765 . Anderson , Indiana has an area of 107.43 square kilometres . Anderson is located in Indiana , whose total area is 107.43 square kilometres . The total area of Anderson , Indiana is 107.43 square kilometres . Anderson , Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level . The elevation above the sea level for Anderson , Indiana , is 268.0 . Anderson is located within Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana , is part of the Anderson Township , Madison County in Indiana . Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County Indiana . Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson is a city in Indiana . Anderson is part of Indiana . The city of Anderson is part of Indiana . Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson in Madison County is in Indiana . Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana . Anderson is part of Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana is part of the Union Township , Madison County . Anderson is part of Union Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana has 523.9 people per square kilometer . The population density of Anderson , Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523.9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Anderson , Township of Madison County , Indiana is in the Country of United States . Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States . The country of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana , is United States . The total area of Angola , Indiana , is 16.55 square kilometres . Angola , Indiana is in the United States . Angola , Indiana is in the U.S . Angola , Indiana is located in the United States . Angola is part of the state of Indiana . Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County , Indiana . Angola , Indiana , is part of Steuben County . Angola is part of Indiana which is in the United States . Angola , Indiana is part of the U.S . The population density of Angola Indians is 524.5 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . The population density of Angola , Indiana is 524.5 inhabitants per sq km . The area code for Ann Arbor Michigan is 734 . 734 is the area code for Ann Arbor , Michigan . Ann Arbor , Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres . Ann Arbor ( Michigan ) , has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres . Ann Arbor is in Michigan . Ann Arbor is part of Michigan . Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan . Christopher Taylor , politician , leads Ann Arbor , Michigan . Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the politician Christopher Taylor . The city manager is the leader of Ann Arbor , Michigan . City Manager is the leader title in Ann Arbor , Michigan . Antioch , California has a UTC offset of - 7 . Antioch , California time zone offset is -7 . Antioch in California has a UTC offset of -8 . The UTC offset for Antioch , California is -8 . The UTC offset in Antioch , California , is -8 . The total area of Antioch , California is 75.324 square km . Antioch , California has a total area of 75.324 square km . The total area in Antioch , California is 75.324 ( square kilometres ) . The mayor is the leader of Antioch , California . Mayor , is the title for the leader of Antioch , in California . The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch , California . Antioch , California is led by the United States House of Representatives . The leader title of Antioch , California , is United States House of Representatives . The population of Antioch California is 102372 . The population of Antioch , California is 102372 . Antioch , California has postal codes 94509 and 94531 . Antioch California has the postal codes 94509 and 94531 . Area codes for Arlington , Texas are : 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 . The area codes for Arlington , Texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 , 972 . Arlington , Texas has a water area of 82.8 square kilometres . The area of water within Arlington Texas is 82.8 sq km . Arlington Texas has an area of 258.2 SqK . The total area of Arlington in Texas is 258.2 square kilometres . Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas . Arlington is part of Texas . Atlanta has the area code of 404 . The area code for Atlanta is 404 . Atlanta has the area codes 404 , 678 , and 470 . Atlanta covers 344.9 square kilometres . Atlanta covers an area of 344.9 ( square kilometres ) . The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 SqKm . The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres . The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 ( square kilometres ) . Atlanta is in the United States . Atlanta is in the U.S . Atlanta is part of Georgia . Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia . Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia . Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia . Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia . Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia . Atlanta , is a part of the U.S. state , Georgia . Atlanta is part of Georgia in the U.S . Atlanta is located within the US state of Georgia . The leader of Atlanta is the Atlanta City Council . Atlanta is led by Atlanta City Council . Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre . The area code in Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) is 609 . 609 is the area code of Atlantic City , N.J . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States . Atlantic City is in new Jersey , in the United States . Atlantic City , New Jersey , is within the United States . Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian . The leader ' s title in Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) is Clerk , which is a municipal official . The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City , New Jersey . " Mayor " is the title of the leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey . The municipal leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is known as the Mayor . Atlantic City , in New Jersey , has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre . Atlantic City , New Jersey , has a population of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre . Attica in Indiana , has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres . Attica , Indiana is in the U.S . Attica , Indiana , is part of the United States . Attica is part of Indiana . Attica is part of the state of Indiana . Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana . Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . Attica , Indiana is part of the U.S . Attica , Indiana is part of the United States . The population density , of Attica ( Indiana ) , is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Attica , Indiana , is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km . The population density of Attica Indiana is 783.1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Auburn , Alabama , has the area code , 334 . 1.7 square kilometres is the area of water in Auburn , Alabama . There is a total area of 1.7 square kilometres of water in Auburn , Alabama . The total area of the city Auburn , in Alabama , is 140.8 square kilometres . The total area of Auburn , Alabama is 140.8 Sq Km . The total area of Auburn , Alabama is 140.8 square kilometres . Auburn , Alabama is in the United States . Auburn Alabama is in the United States . Auburn Alabama has an elevation above sea level of 214 . Auburn , Alabama is located at 214.0 above sea level . Auburn , Alabama has a population density of 368.65 inhabitants per sq km . The population density of the city , Auburn in Alabama is 368.65 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Auburn , Washington is in the U.S . Auburn is part of King County in Washington . Auburn is part of King County , Washington . Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington . Auburn forms part of Pierce County , Washington . Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington . Auburn , Washington is part of the U.S . Auburn , Washington is part of the United States . Auburn is part of Washington state . Auburn is located within the state of Washington . Auburn is part of Washington ( state ) . Mayor is the title of the leader of Auburn , in Washington . The Mayor is the leader in Auburn , Washington . The title of the leader in Auburn , Washington is the Mayor . The population density , of Auburn ( Washington ) , is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre . The area code for Austin , Texas is 512 . The area code of Austin , Texas , is 512 . The ares codes of Austin ( Texas ) are 512 and 737 . Austin , Texas has a land area of 686 square kilometres . Austin , Texas has a area of land that measures 686.0 ( square kilometers ) . Austin , Texas covers 686.0 square kilometres of land . The area of Austin , Texas is 703.95 ( square kilometres ) . Austin , Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres . Austin , Texas is in the United States . Austin , Texas is located within the country of the United States . The country of Austin , Texas , is United States . Austin is in Hays County , Texas . Austin is a part of Hays County in Texas . Austin , Texas , is part of Hays County Texas . Austin is part of Travis County , in Texas . Austin is part of Travis County , Texas . Austin is part of Williamson County , in Texas . Austin is part of Williamson County , Texas . The city manager is the leader of Austin , Texas . The leader in Austin Texas is the Mayor . Austin Texas is led by a Mayor . The population density , of Austin ( Texas ) , is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Austin , Texas , is 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km . Corvallis is the largest city in Benton County , Oregon . The largest city in Benton County , Oregon , is Corvallis , Oregon . The largest city in Benton County Oregon is Corvallis . Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California . Some parts of California speak Chinese . The Chinese language is spoken in California . English is spoken in California . Vietnamese is a language spoken in California . One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese . Vietnamese is one of the languages being spoken in California . The California State Assembly is part of the California State Legislature . The California State Assembly is located in the California State Capitol . The California State Assembly is in the California State Capitol . The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol . The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature . The California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol . Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California . Contra Costa County in California is part of the San Francisco Bay Area . DeKalb County , Georgia , is located in the United States . DeKalb County , Georgia is located within the United States . DeKalb County , Georgia is in the United States . The Democratic Party of the U.S. headquarters on South Capitol Street . The Democratic Party headquarters are in Washington , D.C. . The Democratic Party ( U.S. ) is headquartered in Washington , D.C . Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the country United States . Fountain County is in Indiana , in the United States . Fountain County is in Indiana in the U.S . Fountain County , Indiana is located within the United States . Covington is the County seat of Fountain County , in Indiana . The capital of Georgia is Atlanta . Atlanta is the capital of the U.S. state of Georgia . San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County , Texas . Hays County Texas county seat is San Marcos Texas . The largest city in Hays County , Texas is San Marcos . San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County , Texas . Indiana is in the U.S . Indiana is located within the United States . In Indiana , the language spoken is American English . The language in Indiana is American English . Jones County , Texas is located in the United States . King County Washington is in the U.S . King County , Washington is located in the United States . King County , Washington is located within the United States . Seattle is the largest city in King County , in Washington . Seattle is the largest city in King County Washington . Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is part of the United States . Lee County in Alabama is in the U.S . Lee County , Alabama , is within the United States . Lee County in Alabama is located within the United States . Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama . Madison County is in Indiana , which is in the United States , . Madison County , Indiana is in the country of the United States . Madison County , Indiana , is located in the United States . Lansing is the capital of Michigan . The capital of Michigan is Lansing . Arabic is a language found in Michigan . Arabic is spoken in Michigan . The language used in Michigan is Arabic . The English language is spoken in Michigan . English is the language spoken in Michigan . Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Michigan . Spanish is a language spoken in Michigan . The Spanish language is spoken in Michigan . Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the U.S . Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana is situated within the United States . Monroe Township , Madison County is in Indiana . Monroe Township is part of Madison County in Indiana . Monroe Township is a part of Madison County in Indiana . Monroe Township is part of Madison County , Indiana . New Jersey is in the United States . New Jersey is located within the United States . Newark is the largest city of New Jersey . The largest city in New Jersey is Newark . The Navajo language is spoken in New Mexico . Navajo is a language in New Mexico . The leader of New Mexico ' s House of Representatives is Don Tripp . John Sánchez , is one of the leaders , in the New Mexico Senate . John Sanchez is the Senate leader of New Mexico . Orange County , is part of the greater Los Angeles area , in California . Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area . Salem is the capital of Oregon . Pierce County , Washington is in the United States . The country of Pierce Country , Washington , is United States . Pierce County is the largest city in Tacoma , Washington . Potter County is in Texas , in the United States . Potter County , Texas is located within the United States . Amarillo is the county seat of Potter County which is in Texas . Amarillo is the county seat for Potter County , Texas . Randall County is in Texas , in the United States . Randall County is located in Texas , United States . Randall County in Texas is located within the United States . Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon . Richland Township is in Madison County , Indiana , U.S . Richland Township , in Madison County , Indiana is in the United States . Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States . The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth in Texas . Taylor County is in Texas , in the United States . Taylor County , Texas is in the US . Taylor County , Texas is located within the United States . Abilene is the largest city , in Taylor County , Texas . Abilene is the largest city in Taylor County , Texas . Austin is the capital city of Texas . Austin is the capital of Texas . Texas is in the U.S . Texas is located in the United States . English is a language spoken in Texas . English is spoken in Texas . Spanish is a language spoken in Texas . One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish . Austin is the county seat of Travis County , in Texas . The County Seat for Travis County is in Austin , Texas . Austin is the largest city in Travis County , Texas . Austin , Texas is the largest city in Travis County , Texas . Union Township is in Madison County , which is in Indiana , in the United States . Union Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States . The capital of the U.S. is Washington , D.C . Washington , D.C. is the capital of the U.S . The capital of the United States is Washington DC . Americans live in the U.S . Americans are the people occupying the U.S . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group within the United States . English is the language spoken in the United States . The biggest city in the U.S. is New York City . New York City is the largest city of the United States . The largest city in United States is New York City . The president is the leader of the United States . The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States . The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress . The House of Representatives forms part of the United States Congress . United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress . The United States house of Representatives is in the Unites States . The United States House of Representatives is located within the United States . The U. . House of Reps is located in Washington , D.C . The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington D.C . Olympia is the capital of Washington . The Washington state capital is Olympia . Olympia is the capital of Washington ( state ) . Washington state is located within the United States . Seattle is the largest city in Washington State . Washtenaw County , Michigan is in the United States . Washtenaw County in Michigan is located within the United States . Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County , Texas . Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas . The largest city of Williamson County , Texas is Round Rock . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is based in the US . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is in the Seminary Ridge . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania . The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania state . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the United States . 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument located in United States . 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Memorial is in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 . 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded 1907-07-11 . The memorial depicting the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on July 11th , 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was started on 11th July 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ' s founding date was on 1907-07-11 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service . The National Park Service looks after the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service . The National Park Service has responsibility for the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments is located in the state of Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry Monument is in the state of Maryland . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north . Cumberland county , Pennsylvania is north of Adams County , Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County . Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania . To the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania is Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County , Pennsylvania . Maryland ' s Frederick County is found to the southwest of Pennsylvania ' s Adams County . Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County . Adams County , Pennsylvania has to its west Franklin County , Pennsylvania . The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is 1932-07-27 . The inauguration of the Atatürk Monument was at July 27th , 1932 . The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey . The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku . The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan . The National Assembly ( Azerbaijan ) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan . The Azerbaijan legislature is known as the National Assembly . Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The designers of the Turkish martyrs memorial are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial . Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England . Dead Man ' s Plack is in England . Dead Man ' s Plack is made from stone . London is the capital of England . The capital of England is London . England ' s capital is London . One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs . The British Arabs are an English ethnic group . One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language . Cornish language is spoken in England . In England the main religion is the Church of England . The established religion in England is The Church of England . the religion of England is Church of England . Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland . The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland . The Monocacy National Battlefield is in the county Frederick , Maryland . The city nearest to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . Ankara is the capital of Turkey . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara . Ankara is the Turkish capital . The currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira . The currency in Turkey is the Turkish Lira . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira . The Turkish currency is the Turkish lira . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul . Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey . Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul . Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey . Leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu . Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader . Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . Turkey leader name is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Turkish leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu . The leader ' s title in Turkey is the President of Turkey . Turkey ' s leader is the President of Turkey . President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader . The city of Alba Iulia has a University called " 1 Decembrie 1918 University " . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The Latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is " Universitas Apulensis " . The latin name for 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the nickname Uab . Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Breaz Valer Daniel . The academic staff at the AWH Engineering College number 250 . The AWH Engineering College has academic staff size of 250 . AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor . AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor . AWH Engineering College is located in India . The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 . AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala state . The AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala . The type of government of Aarhus is magistrate . Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus . Aarhus has to its northeast Mols . Mols is the area to the northeast of Aarhus . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ' s dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . Six hundred students attend the Accademia di Architettura di Mendriso . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students enrolled . There are 600 students attending the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s academic staff total is ~500 . The Acharya Institute of Technology employs about 500 academic staff . Approximately 500 employees make up the academic staff at Acharya Institute of Technology . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technologial University . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is affilaited with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore . Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore . Acharya Institute of Technology can be found in India . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the year 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s motto is Nurturing Excellence . The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " Nurturing Excellence " . AIT is the nickname for the Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology is known as AIT . The number of post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology is about 700 . The number of postgraduate students in Acharya Institute of Technology is ~700 . There are around 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s number of Undergraduate students total to ~10000 . There are around 10000 undergraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology . The Acharya Institude of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students . Blue , white and orange are the colours of Acharya Institute of Technology . The official school colours of the Archarya Institute of Technology are blue , white and orange . Acharya Institute of Technology official school colors are Blue White and Orange . Acharya Institue of Technology official school colours are blue , white and orange . The outlook ranking for the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63 . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s outlook ranking is 63 . Tennis is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport . The Acharya Institute of Technology offers sports including tennis . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka . Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka state . The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education . Acharya Institute of Technology was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education . All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai . The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai . Kempe Gowda I founded Bangalore . The founder of Bangalore was Kempe Gowda . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark . One of Denmark ' s leaders is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Lars L??kke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark . Denmark is led by a Monarch . The Monarch of Denmark is the country ' s leader . The official religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark . Denmark ' s religion is led by Church of Denmark . Church of Denmark is the religion of Denmark . The headquarters of the European University Association is in Brussels . The European University Associatian headquarter is in Brussels . The largest city in India is Mumbai . The Ganges is a river in India . The Ganges is India ' s most well known river . Karnataka neighbors Telangana to its northeast . Karnataka has to its northeast Telangana . The west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea . To the west Karnataka borders on the Arabian Sea . Kochi is the leader of Kerala . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Kerala leader is in Kochi . The anthem of Romania is called Desteapta te romane . Desteapta te , romane is the Romanan anthem . The national anthem of Romania is Desteapta-te , romane ! One of the ethnic groups in Romania are the Germans of Romania . Romania has many ethnic groups one of which are Germans . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis . Romania ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis . The leader of Romania is known as the Prime Minister . Romania ' s leader is call the Prime Minister of Romania . The title of the leader of Romania is " Prime Minister " . The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association . The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the city of Aarhus . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is situated in the city of Aarhus . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928 . Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has the latin name Universitas Aarhusiensis . The Swiss Psalm is the anthem of Switzerland . The anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm . Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Switzerland has a leader called Johann Schneider Ammann . The leader of Switzerland is Johann ' Schneider-Ammann . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland helps to lead the country . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is the title of the leader of Switzerland . Switzerland ' s legislature is formed in the Federal Assembly . The Federal Assembly legislates in Switzerland . The tennis sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation . The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body of the sport of tennis . The International Tennis Federation is the governing body of tennis . The sports governing body of tennis is the International Tennis Federation . The Visvesvaraya Technologiccal University is in the city of Belgaum . Visvesvaraya Technological University is in the city of Belgaum . " Drake Stevens " is known as the comic character Airman . Airman ' s alternative name is Drake Stevens . The alternative name of Airman ( comics character ) is " Drake Stevens " . The creator of Airman , ( comics character ) is George Kapitan . The creator of Airman ( comics character ) is George Kapitan . George Kapitan created the comic character Airman . The comic character , Airman , was created by Harry Sahle . The creator of Airman ( comics character ) is Harry Sahle . The comic book character Airman was created by Harry Sahle . John Aman , is the alternative name for the comic character , Amazing-Man . The comic book character Amazing-Man ' s alter ego is John Aman . John Aman is also known as Amazing-Man in the comics genre . Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character , Amazing-Man . The comic book character Amazing-Man was created by Bill Everett . The comic character Amazing Man was created by Bill Everett . April O ' Neil was created by Peter Laird . The comic character , Arion , is also known by he name Ahri ' ahn . The comic book character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn . The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn . The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema . The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema . The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg . The alternative name of Asterix ( comics character ) is " Astérix " . The comic character Asterix is also known as Astérix . The comic character Asterix is sometimes called " Astérix " . The comic book character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo . The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo . Aurakles is also known as ' ' Aurakles ' ' . An alternative name for Aurakles is Aurakles . Aurakles alternative name is also Aurakles . Dick Dillin is the creator of Aurakles . The comic book character Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin . Aurakles is a fictional character created by Dick Dillin . The character , Aurakles , was created by Len Wein . Aurakles was created by Len Wein . The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel . Karl Kesel is the creator of the comic character , Auron . The comic character , Auron , was created by Walt Simonson . the full name of Auron ( comics character ) is " Lambien " . The comic character Auron ' s full name is Lambien , . The comic character , Auron ' s full name is Lambien . BBC was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith . The BBC was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith . Rona Fairhead is the key person for BBC . Rona Fairhead was a key person at the BBC . The key person for BBC is Rona Fairhead . A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead . The location of the BBC is the Broadcasting House in London . The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House . Broadcasting House is the home of the BBC which is based in London . BBC is located in London . The BBC location city is London . The BBC is located in London . BBC radio is one of the products of the BBC . The BBC produces BBC Radio . An alternative name for the comic character Balder is Balder Odinson . Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder . Stan Lee created the comic character Balder . The comic character , Balder , was created by Stan Lee . The comic character Balder was created by Stan Lee . The comic character , Ballistic , has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao . Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao . The comic character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley . The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley . Doug Moench , was the creator of the comic character , Ballistic . Doug Moench created the comic character Ballistic . John Geering is the creator of Bananaman . Steve Bright is the creator of Bananaman . The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright . Bananaman last aired on April 15th 1986 . Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986 . Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman . Bananaman stars Graeme Garden . Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman . Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman . Duncan Rouleau created Baymax . Steven . Seagle is the creator of Baymax . The creator of Baymax is Steven . Seagle . Big Hero 6 was Baymax ' s first film appearance . The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 . Scott Adsit does the voice for Baymax . Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax . The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit . Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan . The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of Ben Urich . The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie . Hergé was the creator of the character Bianca Castafiore . Marv Wolfman was the creator of Bibbo Bibowski . Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman . Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 . The distributor of Big Hero 6 ( film ) is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . Big Hero 6 was a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . Alan Tudyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 . The film , Big Hero 6 , starred Alan Tudyk . The film Big Hero 6 stars actor Damon Wayans Jr . The film Big Hero 6 stars Damon Wayans , Jr . The film Big Hero 6 starred Jamie Chung . The film Big Hero 6 , stars Jamie Chung . Jamie Chung starred in the film Big Hero 6 . Big Hero 6 stars Maya Rudolph . The starring of Big Hero 6 ( film ) is Maya Rudolph . Maya Rudolph , was one of the stars , in the film Big Hero 6 . Ryan Potter starred in the film Big Hero 6 . Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter . The film , Big hero 6 , stars Scott Adsit . Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6 . Bill Oddie was born in Rochdale . Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate . The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff . " Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster . The comic character , Blockbuster , has the alternative name , Mark Desmond . The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond . The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond . The comic book character Blockbuster ' s alter ego is Roland Desmond . The comic character , Blockbuster ' s alternative name is Roland Desmond . The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Carmine Infantino . The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Gardner Fox . The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern . The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Tom Lyle . The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Tom Lyle . An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky . Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt . Bolt is created by Ernie Colon . The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon . The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn . The creator of Bolt ( comics character ) is Paris Cullins . The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins . Bozo the Iron Man was created by George Brenner . George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man . Bozo , the Iron Man was created by George Brenner . Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight . Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by John Buscema . Dane Whitman , a.k. . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema in the comics genre . Dane Whitman from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema . The comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas . Dane Whitman Black Knight is a comic character created by Roy Thomas . The comic book character Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by Roy Thomas . The nationality of Dick Dillin is United States . Doug Moench won the Eagle Award ( comics ) . Doug Moench has won an Eagle Award . Duncan Rouleau is American . Duncan Rouleau is an American . Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican . Ernie Colon is a Puerto Rican national . Gene Colan has been awarded the Eisner Award . Gene Colan won the Eisner Award . Gene Colan is an American . Gene Colan ' s nationality is American . Graeme Garden was born in Aberdeen . Jack Kirby is an American . Jack Kirby ' s nationality is American . Jack Kirby was an American . Jan Duursema has won the Eisner Award . Jerry Ordway ' s nationality is American . John Buscema was awarded an award by the Academy of Comic Book Arts . John Buscema has been awarded by the Academy of Comic Book Arts . John Buscema won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts . John Buscema won the Alley Award . John Buscema won the Inkpot Award . John Buscema has won the Inkpot Award . John Buscema is an American . John Buscema ' s nationality is American . Len Wein collected an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts . Len Wein has won awards from the Academy of Comic Book Arts . Len Wein won the Inkpot Award . Len Wein is an Inkpot Award winner . Marv Wolfman won the Inkpot Award . Marv Wolfman was awarded the Inkpot Award . Paris Cullins is a United States national . The nationality of Paris Cullins is United States . Rene Goscinny is a French national . The nationality of René Goscinny is French . The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is a United States national . Roy Thomas was an award winner at the Academy of Comic Book Arts . Roy Thomas received an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts . Roy Thomas won an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts . Roy Thomas was awarded the Alley Award . Sheldon Moldoff won the Inkpot Award . Sheldon Moldoff has won the Inkpot Award . Sheldon Moldoff was an American national . Sheldon Moldoff is an American . Rick Parker , is the alternative name for the comic character , the Arrow . The alternative name for The Arrow ( comics character ) is " Rick Parker " . Paul Gustavson created The Arrow . The comic character , The Arrow , was created by Paul Gustavson . Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Buxton . Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in England . Tim Brooke-Taylor ' s birth place is the United Kingdom . The birth place of Tim Brooke-Taylor is United Kingdom . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain . Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco . Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco . Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco contains water . Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia . Almond is part of the Rosaceae family . Almonds are from the Rosaceae family . Almond is one of the members of the Rosales order . Almond is part of the order of Rosids . Almonds are from the order Rosids . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from . A variation of Amatriciana sauce includes onion , garlic , black pepper , and chili . A variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper , chili . Amatriciana sauce can be varied by adding garlic . One variation of Amatriciana sauce uses garlic as part of its dish . Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce . Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce . Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce . Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Olive oil is one ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce . Amatriciana sauce has tomato as one of its ingredients . Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce . Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio . Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region . Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia . The Antioquia Department is found in Colombia . The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia . The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem . Arem-arem can be served as a main course . Arem arem is a main course . Lemper is a dish variation of Arem-Arem . Lemper is a variation of Arem arem . The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy . Arrabbiata sauce has basil as a variation . To vary arrabbiata sauce , basil may be used . Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce . Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is garlic . Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce . Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce . Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes . Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome . Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome . Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain . Arròs negre is from Spain . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient of Arròs negre . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre . Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre . Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . Asam padeh is also known as Asam pedas . An alternative name for Asam pedas is Asam padeh . Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia . Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from . Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia . The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia . Asam pedas is a dish that was created within Malay cuisine . Padang cuisine has resulted in the creation of the dish Asam pedas . The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula . The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region . Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra . The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family . Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family . The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family . Avocado is under the order of laurales . The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order . Avocado is a fruit of the order Laurales . Ayam penyet is from Indonesia . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java . The country of Ayam penyet is Java . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . Ayam penyet has fried chicken in it . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet . Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia . Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia . The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich . BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich . BLT is a variation of club sandwich . one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich is Lettuce . Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States . Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion . Bacon is an ingredient in the dish ' Bacon Explosion ' . An ingredient of a bacon explosion is sausage . Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion . Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion . The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon . Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion . sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area . The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT . Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT . A bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon . An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is bread . Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich . An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce . Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich . Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich . condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches . Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich . The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China . France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska . Baked Alaska is from France , the United States or China . Baked Alaska is a dish in China . Baked Alaska is from China . Baked Alaska comes from China . Baked Alaska is from the country of France . Baked Alaska comes from the country of France . Baked Alaska is from France . Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States . Baked Alaska is a dish found in the U.S . Baked Alaska is from the United States . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska . Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska . Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska . Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska . One of the ingredients of Baked Alaska is Sponge Cake . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska . Hong Kong or New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found . Baked Alaska comes from either Paris , New York or Hong Kong . Baked Alaska is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York . Baked Alaska is from the New York region . Bakewell pudding is a dessert . Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert . Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding . Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart . An ingredient of bakewell tart is shortcrust pastry . Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient of a Bakewell tart . Bakewell tart comes from the Derbyshire Dales region . Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine . Bakso is made in China . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia . Beef is an ingredient of Bakso . Celery is an ingredient of Bakso . Celery is an ingredient in Bakso . Ground beef is one ingredient in Bakso . Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso . Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso . Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso . Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too . Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia . Bakso is food found in Indonesia . Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . Arepa is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa . Black pudding is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Black pudding is included in the list of ingredients needed to make Bandeja paisa . Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa . Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . Fried egg is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa . fried egg is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon . Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Pork belly is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa . one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa is Pork belly . Rice is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . Rice is included in Bandeja paisa . The main ingredients in bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department . Antioquia Department is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region . The country Barny Cakes come from is France . Barny cakes can be found in France . barny cakes can be made with apple . One dish variation called Barny Cakes is the use of milk in the recipe . Strawberries can be added to barny cakes . a variation of Barny Cakes is to use Strawberry . Barny cakes contain 4.8 g of fat . Barny cakes contain 4.8g of fat . Barny cakes are made with sponge cake . Barny Cakes were introduced in 1999 . Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia . Batagor is found in Indonesia . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia . Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor . Batagor should be served hot . Batagor is a dish best served hot . Batchoy is a dish served as a soup course . Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy . beef is an ingredient in batchoy . Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy . Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy . Pork is an ingredient in Batchoy . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City . Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a dish in Indonesia . Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore . Oyster sauce is contained in Beef kway teow . Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia . Bhajji comes from the country India . Bhajji originates from India . Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji . Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji . Bhajji includes the ingredient vegetables . The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region . The dish bhajji is related to pakora . Bhajji is a snack that is similar to Pakora . Bhajji is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from whet or corn flour . Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji . Bhajji is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour . The county Binignit comes from is the Philippines . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines . Binignit should be served as the dessert course . Banana is an ingredient in binignit . Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit . coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit . Sago is an ingredient of Binignit . Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit . sago is an ingredient in Binignit . Sweet potato is and ingredient in Binignit . one of the ingredients of Binignit is Sweet potato . One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana . The main ingredient of Binignit is banana . One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk . The main ingredient of Bingnit is coconut milk . One of the main ingredients in Binignit is sago . Sago is the main ingredient in binignit . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato . Taro is a main ingredient of Binignit . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro . Taro is a main ingredient in Binignit . Bionico is a food found in Mexico . Bionico is served at the dessert course . Bionico is a dish served for dessert . Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico . Honey can be added to bionico . Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico . Condensed milk is an ingredient in Bionico . Condensed milk is used in bionico , . Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients . Granola is an ingredient of Bionico . Bionico contains raisins . Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico . Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico . sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico . The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . Bionico can be found in Guadalajara . The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont . Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia . Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia . The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia . Celery is in the family of Apiaceae . Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae . Celery is a member of the genus Apium . Celery is of the Apium genus . Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain . Chicharrón is a dish found in the country of Spain . Chicharrón is found in the Andalusia region . Chicharron is from the Andalusia region . Standard Chinese is a language in China . Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire . Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire . The Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire . Cookie is a type of dessert . A cookie is a dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . sandesh is a dessert . In France the currency is the Euro . The Euro is the currency in France . the currency of France is the Euro . French is the national language of France . Claude Bartolone is France ' s leader . The leader of France is Gérard Larcher . The leader of France is Manuel Valls . Manuel Valls is a leader in France . A main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken . Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico . Guadalajara is located in Mexico . In Hong Kong , the spoken language is Chinese . Chinese is spoken in Hong Kong . Chinese is a language of Hong Kong . Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong . Politician Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong . Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong . Narendra Modi is a leader in India . Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India . Narendra Modi is the leader of India . . . Thakur is India ' s leader . The leader of India is called . . Thakur . T. . Thakur is the leader of India . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta . Money in Indonesia is called the Indonesian rupiah . Indonesia ' s currency is the Indonesian rupiah . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo . Rome is the capital of Italy . The capital of Italy is Rome . The spoken language in Italy is Italian . The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini . Laura Boldrini is a key leader in Italy . The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini . Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy . The leader of Italy is Matteo Renzi . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy . Pietro Grasso leads Italy . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy . Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy . The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero . Jesús Casillas Romero is the name of Jalisco ' s leader . The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java . Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka . The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae . Lemon is part of genus Citrus . A lemon is included in the order of Sapindales . Kuala Lumpur is the Malaysian capital . Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya . Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian . The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah . Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia . Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader in Malaysia . Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader of Malaysia . Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the name of the leader of Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia . The currency in Mexico is the peso . The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso . In Mexico one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish . Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico . Mexican Spanish is spoken in Mexico . The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico . Mondelez International was founded in Chicago . Arabic is one of the languages that is spoken in New York . Arabic is one language spoken in New York . The French Language can be heard in New York . French is a language in New York . Pakora can be varied by using paneer . The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines . Chinese Filipino people are from the Philippines . Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines . one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Igorot people . Ilocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines . The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines . Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines . people of Moro ethnicity are from the Philippines . Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines . one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Zamboangans . Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines . In the Philippines , the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . The language used in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish . The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish . The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English . Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines . Siomay is a variation on shumai . A variation of Shumai is Siomay . Shumai is a variation of Siomay . Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai . The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar . The English language is spoken in Singapore . One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore . Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore ' s leader . Halimah Yacob leads Singapore . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore . Batagor and Siomay are variation of the same dish . Batagor is a dish variation of Siomay . Batagor is a variation of Siomay . Spain uses the euro for its currency . The Euro is the currency in Spain . The currency of Spain is Euro . Spaniards are from Spain . Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain . Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain . In Spain the language spoken is the Spanish language . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain . the language of Spain is Spanish . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain . One the ethnic groups on Sumatra is the Acehnese people . Acehnese people are an ethnic group in Sumatra . Batak is the ethnic group in Sumatra . Batak is an ethnic group found in Sumatra . Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people . Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of plants . Sweet potato is of the order Solanales . Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae . The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family . The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae . Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum . The tomato is of the order Solanales . Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales . London is the Capital of the United Kingdom . London is the capital city of the United Kingdom . The language of the United Kingdom is the English language . English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom . English is spoken in the UK . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom . Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK . Elizabeth II is the head of state in the United Kingdom . The capital of the U.S. is Washington , D.C . Washington , D.C is the capital of the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington , D.C . African Americans are an ethic group in the United States . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States . The English language is used in the United States . English is the language of the United States . English is a language spoken in the United States . Barack Obama is a leader of the United States . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States . Barack Obama is the leader of United States . Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States . John Roberts is a leader in the United States . John Roberts is the leader of the United States . Paul Ryan is a leader in United States . United States leader is called Paul Ryan . Paul Ryan is a leader in the U.S . The leader of the United States is called the President . The leader of the United States has a title of President . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig . Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community . Arion ( also known as Ahri ' ahn ) is a comic character created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , who won the Eisner award . Paul Kupperberg and Eisner Award winning Jan Duursema are the creators of the comic book character Arion , also know as Ahri ' ahn . The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillin . The comic book character Aurakles , with the alternative name Aurakles , was created by Dick Dillin ( from the United States ) and Len Wein . The fictional character Aurakles , also known as ' ' Aurakles ' ' was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin ( American ) . The BBC , which is located in London , and where Rona Fairhead is a key person , once broadcast Bananaman and has a product called BBC radio . The BBC , located in London , with Rona Fairhead as a key person , broadcast the TV series Bananaman and produces BBC radio . Balder is a comic character created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirb . His alternative name is Balder Odinson . The comic character of Balder is also known as " Balder Odinson " . It was created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby . John Reith , 1st Baron Reith founded the BBC who have their HQ at Broadcasting Hous . The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio . The BBC , founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith , has its headquarters in Broadcasting Hous . The BBC produces BBC radio and broadcast the TV series Bananaman . The founder of the BBC was 1st Baron John Reith and it is located at Broadcasting House in Londo . The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio . 1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of the BBC which is located in London and showed the TV series , Bananama . Another product of the BBC is BBC radio . Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC , the organisation founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reit . The BBC is based in London and also produces BBC radio . Bananaman , created by Steve Bright and starring Bill Oddie , was first broadcast by the BBC on the 3rd October 1983 . Bananaman , which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3rd October 1983 , was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden . Steve Bright created Bananaman which was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden . Bananaman was first aired on 3 October 1983 by the BB . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden . John Geering created the TV character Bananaman which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling . Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , created by Steve Bright. first aired on the BBC on 3 / 10 / 1983 . Lancashire born Bill Oddie was the star of Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC out of the broadcasting house in London . Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananama . It was broadcast by the BBC located in London . Bananaman , that starred Lancashire born Bill Oddie , is broadcast by the BBC which is located in London . Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananama . It was shown by the BBC who are located in London . Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananama . This show was broadcast by the BBC , which has its headquarters in Broadcasting House . The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddi . The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House . Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was a TV series shown on the BBC , based at Broadcasting House in London . Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC ( London ) and starred Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale . Bananaman is a tv series which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddi . The series was shown on the BBC which is located in the city of London . Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , which was broadcast by the BBC , whose headquarters are called Broadcasting House . The BBC , based in Broadcasting House , London , showed the TV series Bananama . This show starred Aberdeen born Graeme Garden . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by John Geerin . It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 . The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-taylo . It was first broadcast on 3 October 1983 by the BBC . Bananaman ( created by Steve Bright ) was first broadcasted by the BBC on the 10 / 03 / 1983 , and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . Tim Brooke Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Brigh . It was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 . The character Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsi . It was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve T Seagle . Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsit . Baymax , voiced by Scott Adsit and created by Duncan Roulean and Steven . Seagle first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 . The character Baymax , created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 . Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve . Seagle which first appeared in the film " Big Hero 6 " . Baymax is a character who first appeared in the film Big Hero . It was created by Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau . Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character Baymax , which first appeared in the movie Big Hero 6 . Baymax , the Big Hero 6 character created by Steve T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , is voiced by Scott Adsit . Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle are both creators of the character Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero . The voice of this character in the film was provided by Scott Adsit . Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle are both creators of Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero . The voice of Baymax was provided by Scott Adsit . Bolt ( Larry Bolatinsky ) is a comic character that was created by both Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon who is a national of Puerto Rico . Bolt is a comic character otherwise know as Larry Bolatinsk . He was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon ( national of Puerto Rico ) . The character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon , a puerto Rican National . Baymax is a character from Big Hero 6 , who was created by American born Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax , created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , is a character in Big Hero 6 . The character Baymax , created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , is voiced by Scott Adsit . Scott Adsit provides the voice for Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsi . The creator of Baymax is the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star ' s Scott Adsi . The creator of this character is American national , Duncan Rouleau . Alan Tukyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 in which Baymax , created by the American Duncan Rouleau , is also a character . The American , Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk . American national Duncan Rouleau is the creator of the character Baymax , which featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Alan Tudyk ) . Bo ( full name Bibbo ) Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway . Auron ( Lambien ) is a comic character that was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel . Marv Wolfman and the American Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic book character Auron , whose full name is Lambien . The comic character of Auron has the full name Lambie . He was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Karl Kesel . The comic book character Auron , with the full name Lambien , was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel , who is from the United States . Bolt is a comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsk . He was created by Dan Mishkin and the US national , Paris Cullins . Bolt ( Larry Bolatinsky ) is a comic character which was created by both Dan Mishkin and U.S. national Paris Cullins . The comic book character Bolt also known as Larry Bolatinsky was created by Dan Mishkin and the American Paris Cullins . The US national , Paris Cullins along with comic book writer , Gary Cohn created the comic character of Bol . The character has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , . Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic book character Bolt , which was created by Ernie Colon and the American Paris Cullins . Ernie Colon and the US national Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt , who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . Ernie Colón and the American Paris Cullins were among the creators of the comic book character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky . The comic character Asterix is sometimes called " Astérix " and was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national , Rene Goscinny . Albert Uderzo and French born René Goscinny , are the creators of the comic character Asterix , also know as Astérix . The American comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan created the character Ben Urich , who has the full name Benjamin Urich . The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is an American and along with Gene Colan created Ben ( Benjamin ) Urich . The Black Pirate , also know as Jon Valor , was created by the Inkpot Award winning American , Sheldon Moldoff . The black pirate , also known as Jon Valor , was created by Sheldon Moldoff , an American who has won the Inkpot award . Jens Härtel , previously of Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzig , is now a player for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig whilst managing 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel first club was FC Lokomotive Leipzi . He has been involved in SV Babelsberg 03 and Berliner AK 07 . The first club Jens Hartel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he currently plays for SV Babelsberg 0 . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club and plays for both SV Germania Schoneiche and 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzi . He has also been the manager of 1FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzi . Since then he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is currently in the RB Leipzig club and playing for SV Germania Schoneiche . Jens Härtel , the manager of FC Magdeburg also plays for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , SV Babelsberg 03 and he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Hartel plays for 1.FC Lokomotive Leipzig and for SV Babelsberg 0 . He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and the manager of FC MAgdeburg . Jens Hartel has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and his club is Berliner AK0 . He is currently part of the club 1.FC Union Berlin and manages FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and was manager of 1 FC Magdebur . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . Jens Hartel played for both Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzi . He has been manager for 1 FC Magdeburg and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who is attached to the club FSV Zwicka . He played for Berliner AK 07 , and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig and FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdebur . Jens Härtel is currently part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been manager of 1 FC Magdebur . He is in the RB Leipzig club and is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin . Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club , is part of the 1.FC Union Berlin club , represented FC Sachsen Leipzig. and managed 1 FC Magdeburg . AC Cesena , who have a ground in Cesena , has 23900 member . They play in the Serie B league which has Carpi FC 1909 as previous champions . Previous champions of the Serie B league are Carpi FC 190 . AC Cesena , who also play in the league have a ground in Cesena and 23900 members . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzz . They currently play in the Serie B League in which Carpri F.C. 1909 have previously been champions . Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B , the league AC Cesena are i . They are managed by Massimo Drago , who was at the club ASD Licita 1931 . Attached to club Delfino Pescara 1936 , Massimo Drago , has been the manager of A C Cesen . The club is in Serie B league , the previous champions of which are , Carpi FC 1909 . A. . Cesana play in Serie B , previously won by Carpi F.C. 190 . Massimo Drago , who is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 , has managed A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and manages A. . Cesena who are in the Serie B leagu . Carpi F.C. 1909 are previous Serie B championship winners . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is located in Ital . They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is located in Ital . They play in Serie B league where Carpi 1909 are previous champions . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. , is the full name of A. . Chievo Verona which is in Verona , Ital . AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season and has 39371 members . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona which has the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l . They have 39371 members and played in the 2014 season . AC Chievo Verona , full name " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " , play out of Verona , Ital . They competed in the 2014 Serie A season and have 39371 members . The fullname of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground in Verona holds 39371 fan . The club competed in the 2014 season . The fullname of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground is in Veron . The club played in the 2014 season and has 39371 members . The full name of AC Chievo Verona which has 39371 members , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . The club play in Verona and were part of the Serie A 2014-15 season . The fullname of A. . Chievo Verona who have 39371 members , is Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l. . They play in Verona and were in the 2014-15 Serie A season . The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " and they played n the 2014 seaso . Their home ground is called Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and it holds 39371 fans . The fullname of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegod . The club has 39371 members and competed in the 2014 season . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. , is the full name of AC Chievo Verona , the home ground of which is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegod . A. . Chievo Verona has 39371 members , and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . Born in Italy , Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catani . He also has managed AC Chievo Verona , and plays for Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran ( Italian ) is a member of the Calcio Cantani . He plays for Carrarese Calcio and is the manager of Calcio ChievoVerona . Italian born Rolando Maran now plays at the Carrarese Calci . He previously managed AC Chievo Verona and used to be at the Varese Calcio SSD . Rome is the capital of Italy which is inhabited by Italians and where A. . Lumezzane plays . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy , which has Rome as its capita . The language spoken by the Italians is Italian . Petro Grasso is the leader of Italy which is home to AC Lumezzan . The country uses the Italian language and has the capital city of Rome . A. . Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital is Rome , the spoken language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso . In Italy , the citizens are called Italians and the capital city is Rom . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grass . A. . Lumezzane play in this country . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where Rome is the capital , Italians live and the leader is Pietro Grasso . Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy where the Italian language is used and the capital city is Rom . AC Lumezzane play in the country . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy , the capital of which is Rom . Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people , and the national language is Italian . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Ital . Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people , and the national language is Italian . Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , managed A. . Lumezzane and has previously played for Atalanta BC and A. . Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for A. . Chievo Verona and Atalanta B. . Michele Marcolini is also the manager of A. . Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini , born in Italy , is part of the Atalanta B.C. clu . He plays for A. . Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini , who was manager of AC Lumezzane , played football for Torino FC Youths , A. . Chievo Verona and Atalanta BC . Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzan . Previously he played for Atalanta BC and youth football for Torino F . His own club is AC Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini is part of the Atlanta B. . Club and is affiliated with the youth club Torino F.C . In addition he plays for A. . Chievo Verona and manages A. . Lumezzane . Italian born Michele Marcolini manages AC Lumezzan . He also plays for both FC Bari 1908 and VIcenza Calcio . Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is the manager at AC Lumezzan . He previously played for Vicenza Calcio and now plays for FC Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is in the Vicenza Calcio clu . He manages the A. . Lumezzane and plays for F. . Bari 1908 . Italian born Michele Marcolini has managed AC Lumezzan . He is also part of the Atalanta BC club and owns Torino FC . Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzan . He also owns Torini FC and has previously played for Atalanta BC . Italian born Michele Marcolini plays for Torino FC and is part of the Atalanta BC clu . He currently manages the AC Lumezzane . Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzan . He also played for Vicenza Calcio and owns Torino FC . Michele Marcolini was born in Italy , he plays for Vicenza Calcio at the Torino F.C. club while managing AC Lumezzane . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan , is located in Metapán , El Salvado , has 10000 members , and full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . It is managed by Jorge Humberto Rodríguez , its ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador and has 10000 members . AD Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 member . Their full name is " Asociación Deportiva " and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez . AD Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan and they have 10000 member . Their full name is " Asociación Deportiva " and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A. . Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team and Alianza F. . He is also in C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza . C. club , . . FAS , and the El Salvador national football team . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team and for Alianza F. . He manages the A. . Isidro Metapan and is in C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of AD Isidro Metapa . He is connected to Allianza FC and the FC Dallas as well as playing for the El Salvador national football team . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez clubs are Alianza F.C. and the FC Dallas clu . He also manages AD Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapa . He also plays for Alianza F.C. , FC Dallas , and the El Salvador national football team . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , who is attached to the club CD Aguil . He is also member of the club FC Dallas , and plays for the El Salvador national football team . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila and plays for the El Salvador national football tea . He is in the FC Dallas Club and is manager of AD Isidro Metapan . Ex-A D Isidro Metapán manager Jorge Humberto , currently playing for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team , is attached to the club CD Aguila . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the country of Greec . Greece ' s leader is Nikos Voutsis and its capital is Athen . Greek is spoken in Greece . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital city is Athen . The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoke . The capital city is Athens and the leader of the country is Nikos Voutsis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where Athens in the capital and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greec . Greece ' s capital is Athens and their leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Athens is the capital and both Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutis are leaders . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where they speak Gree . Athens is the capital of Greece , where one of the leaders is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athen . Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of the country where the Greek language is spoken . The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located . The leader of the country , which has the capital city of Athens , is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Nikos Voutsis is the leader of greece where the currency is the Euro and the capital city is Athen . The country is the location of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . The A. . Dimitea Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is the currency , Athens is the capital and Nikos Voutsis is the leader . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoke . Alexis Tsipras heads Greece which has the capital city of Athens . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipra . Athens is the capital of Greece and the language they speak is Greek . Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders of Greece which has the capital city of Athen . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in the country . The capital city of Greece is Athens where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leader . The country is the location of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , of which which Athens is the capita . Greece ' s leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athen . Two of the leaders in that country are , Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavloopoulos . Greece ' s leaders Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulo . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Greek is spoken . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greec . National leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos , and the official language is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leader . The language spoken in the country is greek . The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos are leaders . The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has a capacity of 150 . The team played in the 2014 season and their full name is " A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members , played in the 2014 season and are located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupoli . It is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli , played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis and their ground is in the town of Efxeinoupol . They played in the 2014–15 A EPST . Greece season . Association Football Club Blackpool , is A.F. . Blackpool ' s fullnam . The club has 1500 members , and Jepson Way is their ground . In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season and has 1500 member . Their full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their homeground is Jepson Way . Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014-15 seaso . Their full name is Association Football Club Blackpool , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 1500 members . A.F. . Blackpool Mechanics ground holds 1500 fan . The club ' s full name is Association Football Club Blackpool and in the season 2014-2015 they played in the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool Mechanics ground has a capacity of 150 . In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League and the club ' s full name is Association Football Club Blackpool . A.F. . Blackpool ' s has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanic . A.F. . Blackpool ' s full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " and they played in season 2014 . In the season 2014-2015 AFC Blackpool , who have 1500 members played in the North West Counties Football Leagu . The full name of the club , who are based at their ground in Blackpool , is " Association Football Club Blackpool " . A.F. . Blackpool , full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " , has 1500 members and a home ground in Blackpoo . AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season . AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpoo . The fullname of A.F. . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpoo . They played in season 2014 . The fullname of A.F. . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool , it is in Blackpool , competed in the 2014 season and has 1500 members . The U. . Labour Party are the leaders of the Blackpool council in Blackpoo . It is here that footballer , Stuart Parker , plays for Blackpool F.C. and where the ground of AFC Blackpool is locate . Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F. . Blackpool . Gordon Marsden , is one of the leaders in Blackpool , which is where , AFC Blackpool have their ground . The club had footballer , Stuart Parker ( who plays for Blackpool F.C. ) , for a manager . Stuart Parker is a footballer who has managed , and now plays for , Blackpool F . The club ' s ground is in Blackpool which is lead by Gordon Marsden . Stuart Parker is a footballer attached to Irlam Town FC and the manager of AFC Blackpoo . The clubs ground is in Blackpool where the leaders are the Conservative Party ( UK ) . Stuart Parker is a member of Irlam Town FC and manages AFC Blackpool which is based in the city of Blackpool whose leaders are the Conservative Party UK . Footballer Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and is the manager of A.F. . Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool , where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . AFC Blackpool is based in the city of Blackpool where Gordon Marsden is one of the leader . It is managed by the Footballer Stuart Parker who has represented the club KV Mechelen . Stuart Parker is part of the KV Mechelen Club and manager of A.F. . Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpoo . The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden . Stuart Parker has been the manager of AFC Blackpool , a club based in the city of Blackpool where the council is lead by the UK Labour Part . His previous club was Stockport County FC . Stuart Parker , who once played for Stockport County FC is now the manager of AFC Blackpoo . The club has their ground in Blackpool where the council is run by Labour . Kellamergh Park is the location of the home ground for AFC Fylde who have 3180 members. . Their full name is " Association Football Club Fylde " and they played in 2014 . A.F. . Fylde , full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , currently have 3180 member . Their home ground is Kellamergh Park , which they played at while competing in the 2014 season . Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to A.F. . Fylde ) has 3180 members , has its ground at Kellamergh park and played in the 2014 season . Dave Challinor used to play for Bury F . He is now at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers FC as well as managing AFC Fylde . Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fyld . He played football for Bury FC. , and now plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C. and Colwyn Bay FC . Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . He plays at Stockport County FC and manages AFC Fylde . The manager of AFC Fylde is Dave Challinor who is at Colwyn Bay FC and plays for both Tranmere Rovers and Stockport County FC . Dave Challinor ( player of Colwyn Bay F.c club ) plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C. at Stockport Country F.c and also manages A.F.C Fylde . Based at Bryning Lane , the Association Football Club Fylde , or AFC Fylde played the 2014-15 season and has 3180 members . Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to AFC Fylde ) has 3180 members , are based at Brynng Lane and played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference . With 3180 members , and a home ground called The Fylde , A.F. . Fylde played in 201 . The full name of which , is Association Football Club Fylde . The full name of the A.F. . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde. " and they competed in the 2014 seaso . Their home ground is known as " The Fylde " and the club has 3180 members . AFC Fylde ( full name : Association Football Club Fylde ) , played in 2014 and their ground in Lancashire holds 3180 fans . A.F.C.Fylde ( full name Association Football Club Fylde ) is located in the county of Lancashir . The club competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members . A. . Livorno Calcio or Associazione Sportiva is based in Livorno , Italy has 19238 members and were in the 2014-15 Serie B season . A. . Livorno Calcio , full name Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio , is based in Livorno , Ital . They have 19238 members and were in Serie B in the 2014-15 season . Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio ( abbreviated to A. . Livorno Calcio ) has 19238 members It ' s ground is located in Livorno and they played season 2014-2015 in Serie B . The Stadio Armando Picchi is the home ground of AS Livorno Calcio who played in the 2014-15 Serie B season. they have 19238 members and the full name of the club is Associazione Sportiva . A. . Livorno Calcio , known under the full name Livorno Calcio S.p. . Has the ground in Stadio Armando Picchi , where 19238 members were active for the 2014 season . The full name of A. . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and their hone ground is the Stadio Armando Picch . The club has 19238 members and played in the 2014 season . AS Roma play in Serie A ( of which Juventus FC are champions ) . Their chairman is James Pallotta who was born in Boston . Boston born James Pallotta is chairman of AS Rom . The club plays in the Serie A League alongside Juventus FC who are former champions . A. . Roma play in Serie A , of which Juventus F.C. are currently champion . Their chairman James Pallotta was born in Boston . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A ( abbreviated to A.S.Roma ) has 70634 members , their ground is in Italy and they were in Serie A in 2014-2015 . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. , or A.S Roma for short , has its ground in Rome , Italy and has 70634 member . A. . Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15 . A. . Roma , known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A , has 70634 members , competed in the 2014 season and it ' s grounded in Rome , Italy . The fullname of A. . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their home ground is in Rome , Ital . They have 70634 members and played in the 2014 season . A. . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they play at the Stadio Olimpic . The club has 70634 members and played in the Serie A in 2014-15 . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. , or A.S Roma for short , has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 member . A. . Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15 . Paulo Sousa played for Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv F . He is a member of the Portugal national football team and manages ACF Fiorentina . Paulo Souza plays for Inter Milan , Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and the Portuguese national football tea . In addition , he also manages ACF Fiorentina . AEK Athens FC ground is in Athens and they compete in the Superleague Greec . It has has 69618 member . Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C. ' s ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members . They play in the Superleague of Greece of which Olympiacos FC are previous champions . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are the previous champion . Their manager is the former Chelsea F.C. player Gus Poyet . AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who used to play for Chelsea F. . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece , which was previously won by Olympiacos FC . Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza football club and manages AEK Athens F . They play in the Superleague Greece alongside Olympiacos FC who are previous champions . AEK Athens F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague and are currently in the Superleague of Greec . It has 69618 members and its homeground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . AEK Athens FC home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . The club has 69618 members and competes in the Superleague Greec . Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the league . The Olympic Stadium , at Marousi in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens F . They play in Superleague of Greece , past champions of which are Olympiacos F.C . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) located in Marous . The club competes in the Superleague Greece which was previously won by Olympiacos FC . AEK Athens FC have their home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They have 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season . AEK Athens FC played in the Superleague Greece 2014 seaso . They have 69618 members and currently play their home games at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . Part of the Superleague of Greece , AEK Athens FC played the 2014-2015 season , in the Football League , in Greec . AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members , and their ground is in Athens . AEK Athens F.C. ' s ground is in Athens , they have 69618 members , compete in the Superleague Greece and played the 2014-2015 season in the Football League ( Greece ) . AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and its home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They are currently in Superleague of Greece and played the 2014-2015 season in the Football League ( Greece ) . Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team , played for Al-Shamal Sports Club , and the Netherlands national football team , is attached to the club FC Barcelona . Sportpark De Toekomst is owned and operated by AFC Ajax NV and their tenants include AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) and the Ajax Youth Academy . AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Aja . The grounds are owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and has a tenant of Ajax Youth Academy . AFC Ajax own and operate Sportpark De Toekoms . Tenants include AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , which they operate , is Sportpark De Toekomst , the tenants of which are , Jong Ajax and the Ajax Youth Academy . Ajax Youth Academy and Jon Ajax are tenants of Sportpark De Toekoms . It is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the homeground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V . Current tenants of this ground are Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax . The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , or " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , is Lucky Aja . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season and have 5000 members . AZAL PFK play out of the AZAL Arena in the Azerbaijan Premier League , of which Qarabag FK are currently champions . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvula . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , the champions of which are Qarabağ FK . Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier Leagu . Also in the league are AZAL PFK who play their home matches at AZAL Arena in Shuvalan . AZAL Arena , the ground of AZAL PFK , is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaija . AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , where a championship team called Qarabag FK also play . Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League , which AZAL PFK compete i . The ground of which , is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League is Qarabag F . AZAL PFK , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier Leagu . AZAL PFK , who have 3500 members also play in the league and are in season 2014 . AZAL PFK ( 3500 members ) competed in season 2014 and in The Aerbaijan Premier Leagu . Qrabag FK is the champions of Azerbaijan Premier League Os . Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier Leagu . It is in this league , that the 3500 member strong , AZAL PFK competes in and played in , in 2014-15 . AZAL PFK have 3500 members and played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-1 . Previous champions of this league were Qarabag FK . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar , owned by Robert Eehoorn , as well as playing for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap . John van den Brom has managed AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoor . He also plays for both AFC Ajax and De Graafschap . John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhe . He also plays and manages AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts . The manager of AZ Alkmaar , owned by Max Huiberts , is John van den Brom who plays for AFC Ajax and Vitsse Arnhem . Along with managing AZ Alkmaar , John van der Brom is a player in Istanbulspor A.Ş and plays for AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem . the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom , who plays for AFC Ajax , Vitesse Arnhem and Istanbulspor A.S . John van den Brom , former manager of AZ Alkmaar , now owned by Max Huiberts , plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S. . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huibert . He also plays for both AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor AS . The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom , who happens to be a member of Vitesse Arnhem , and plays for both ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax . John van den Brom is manager of AZ Aklmaa . He also plays for Vitesse Arnhem , ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is their full name ) competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série . Their ground is called Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they have 17000 memberrs . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . and they have 17000 member . Their ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and the club played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapirac . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapirac . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , in which the current champions are Vila Nove Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground which is located in Arapirac . They currently play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League whose current champions are The Vila Nova Futebl Clube . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also pla . Their home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazi . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. in Brazil in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also pla . Their full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , who play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C leagu . This league is from Brazil and champions of it have included Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Esadii Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazi . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are currently the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie . The league , from Brazil , that Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( managed by Vica ) , play in . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil which was previously won by the Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is located in Brazi . Previous champions of this league have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil and have the nickname Alvinegr . The league champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Previous champions of the Serie C were Vila Nova Futebol Clube . The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a capacity of 17000 and is located in Brazi . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazi . Previously , Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of this league . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is in Brazi . This league has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense the Brazilian football team play their matches in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C , they played in the 201 . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazi . They played in the 2015 season when Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " although their nickname is Alvinegr . The club has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nickname Alvinegro ) has 17000 members and were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Its nickname is " Alvinegro " , it competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is the club ' s full name ) played in the 2015 seaso . They have 17000 members and the nickname " Alvinegro " . The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and the title of the chairman is " President " . The club has 17000 members and played in 2015 . The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " , it has title of ' President ' , played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 201 . The title of the Chairman is " President " and the club has 17000 members . Akron Summit ( full name : Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ) is managed by Denzil Antoni . The club played in the 2011 season and their ground has a capacity of 3000 members . The full name of Akron Summit Assault is ' ' Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault and they are managed by Denzil Antoni . The club played in the 2011 season and has 3000 members . Akron Summit Assault ( Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ) has 3000 member . The club played in the 2011 season , and is managed by Denzil Antonio . The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio Summit County , United states . St Vincent-St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio , United States , which is the location of Akron Summit Assault ' s ground at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent -St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio ( led by Dan Horrigan ) US . Akron Summit-Assaults ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School which is located in Akron , Ohio , US . The leader of Akron , Ohio is Dan Horrigan . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio , United state . It is here that S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , which is home to Akron Summit Assault ' s ground , is located . The ground of Akron Summit Assault , is at St Vincent-St Mary High Schoo . The school is located in Akron , Ohio ( which is led by Dan Horrigan ) , in the United states . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United State . Akron is lead by Dan Horrigan . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School located in Akron in Summit County , Ohio . St Vincent-St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , Summit County , United States . St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , that is located in Summit County , Ohio , . St Vincent-St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League which plays at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School located in the US where K-W United FC have been champions . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , that play in the Premier Development League , which champions were K-W United FC.S . Vincent St.Mary High School is located in United States . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School ( United States ) is the home ground of Akron Summit Assaul . They play in the Premier Development League which hails K-W United FC as champions . The ground of Akron Summit Assault is at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United States . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School located in Akron , Ohio , United States . St Vincent-St Mary High School , the grounds of Akron Summit Assault , is located in Akron , Ohio; United States . Amsterdam-Centrum and Amsterdam-Noords are part of Amsterda . This is the country where AFC Ajax is based and one of the leaders is Eberhard van der Laan . Amsterdam-Centrum and Amsterdam-Noord are part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is inhabited by Italians , its capital is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians , where the language spoken is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella . Italian speaking Italy is home to the A. . Gubbio 1910 ground . The Italians ' leader is Sergio Mattarella . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , whose capital is Rom . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy and the language spoken is Italian . Italian is the language spoken in Italy where the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is locate . The capital is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso is a leade . Italy ' s capital is Rome , and Italian is the national language . Italy is where the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is locate . The country is inabitated by Italians and Italian is the language spoke . Italy is led by Pietro Grasso . AS Gubbio ' s home ground is in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grass . The inhabitants of the country are known as Italians and their capital city is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is full of italians and lead by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy whose capital is Rom . Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy and its official language is Italian . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , whose capital is Rom . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the official language is Italian . Sergio Mattarella leads Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital city is Rom . The country is also the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti , who played for Udinese Calci . He plays for both , Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entella . Luciano Spalletti manages A. . Rom . He also plays for Empoli F.C. and played for Udinese Calci . While , also having once been at the club Virtus Entella . Luciano Spalletti has previously been associated with Udinese Calcio and was at Virtus Entell . He is now manager at AS Roma and plays for Empoli FC . Previous Greece Superleague champions AEK Athens FC play their home games at The Olympic Stadium , Athens . AEK Athens F.C. have there home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) which is located in Athen . They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F.C. . The Olympic Stadium , in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. the manager of which , is Gus Poyet , who played for Chelsea F.C . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. whose manager is Gus Poye . He played for Chelsea F.C . The Olympic Stadium in Athens is the home of AEK Athens F . The football club ' s manager used to be Gus Poyet , who played for Real Zaragoza in the past . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. whose manager is Gus Poye . His club is Real Zaragoza . Peter Stoger , manager for the FC Koln , was also a part of FC Admira Wacker Modling and Favoritner AC as well as the FK Austria Wien Soccer Club . Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling and Favoritner A . He also manages . FC Köln and is at the FK Austria Wien club . Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödlin . He is also manager of . FC Köln , a player for Favoritner AC and a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club . Peter Stöger is the manager of . FC Köln and plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödlin . He is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz . Peter Stoger plays for both LASK Linz and FC Admira Wacker Modlin . He previously played for SC Wiener Neustadt but is now the manager of FC Kolin . Peter Stoger , who plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling is also the manager of FC Koli . He is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz . Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is also in FK Austria Wien Club and SK Vorwarts Stey . He is currently manager of 1FC Koln . Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and attached to the club First Vienna F.C . He is additionally at the FK Austria Wien club while managing FC Kolin . Peter Stöger has played for FC Admira Wacker Modling , has managed FC Kolin and also worked for SK Vorwärts Steyr and First Vienna FC . Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is in SK Vorwarts Steyr clu . He plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling and is the manager of 1 FC Koln . Peter Stöger , previously a player for SC Wiener Neustadt , is now in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club and managing . FC Köl . His club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling . Peter Stöger , the manager of FC Kolin is also a part of the SK Vorwärts Steyr club , the SK Rapid Wien Club and SC Wiener Neustadt . Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Kol . In his career so far , he has played for SK Vorwärts Steyr and SK Rapid Wien , and managed at SC Wiener Neustadt club . Juventus FC have been champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also pla . AS Roma ' s full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their ground is in Rome , Italy . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name A. . Rom . They have a ground in Rome and play in the Serie A league. the former champions of this league are Juventus F.C . Previous champions of Serie A have been Juventus F . A S Roma also play in Serie A and their home ground is in Rome and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . Serie A league former champions are Juventus F . AS Roma ( fullname Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. ) who have a ground in Rome also play in the league . A. . Roma play in Serie A , of which the current champions are Juventus F. . Their home ground is in Rome and they have 70634 members . AS Roma ' s home ground is in Rom . They played in the 2014 season in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions . Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella and manages AS Roma who play in the Serie A leagu . Juventus FC are the champions of the league . AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti ( who was also at Virtus Entella ) and they play in the Serie A leagu . The Champions of that league are Juventus F.C . A. . Roma is managed by Luciano Spalletti , who was formerly involved with Virtus Entell . Serie A , the league that A. . Roma play in , has Juventus F.C. as past champions . AS Roma play in Serie A which have Juventus FC as previous champion . AS Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they have 70634 members . AS Roma ' s ground is located in Rome , Italy and they have 70634 member . They play in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions . Juventus FC and AS Roma are former Serie A champions , where Roma has 70634 members , its headquarters is the Olimpico stadium . AS Roma ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 member . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have previously been champions . Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also pla . The AS Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 members . Luciano Spalletti manages A. . Roma and plays for Empoli F.C . A. . Roma play in Serie A of which Juventus F.C. are champions . Luciano Spalletti , who has been associated with Udinese Calcio , manages A. . Roma who play in Serie . Juventus FC have been Serie A champions . AS Roma play in the Serie A league where Juventus FC are the champion . Their manager is Luciano Spalletti who has been associated with Udinese Calcio . The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . It has 448 pages , an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7and is available in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 , was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . It is available in hardcover and is 448 pages long . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , that can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " , comes in hardcover and has 448 page . The authors of the book are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce which has 448 pages and is available in hardcover can be found by its ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication written by Virginia DeMarc . It has 448 pages and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . Its author is Virginia DeMarce , it has 448 pages and comes in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is in prin . The book has 448 pages and the ISBN number is 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . The print copies have the ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , ISBN 978-1-4165-4253-7 , was written by Eric Flint , has a hardcover and has 448 pages . 1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis , a 448 page hardcover written by Eric Flint can be located by its ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and was put into print with the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253- . It was written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and is available in print form . The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was put in print and has the ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . It was written by Eric Flint and has 448 pages . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint born in Burbank California , was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Baltic War and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis were written by Eric Flin . Flint was born in Burbank Californi . His DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes precede his novels . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and the DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . The book was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and The Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint ( born in Burbank , California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . It was preceded by the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint , who wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was born in Burbank Californi . The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette II and the DeMarce short stores in the Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and he wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and the Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette II . It is written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank , California . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Influenced by Robert . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Baltic War and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . Flint was born in Burbank California . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellio . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert . Heinlein and was born in Burbank , California . Influenced by Robert A Heinlein , Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint ( born in Burbank , California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellio . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint , influenced by Robert . Heinlin , ( Burbank , Ca. ) wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint , born in Burbank California , who was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . It ' s the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Influenced by Robert . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s prequel Grantville Gazette I . He was born in Burbank California . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and his work was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . It was was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion. and followed by Ring of Fire II , that is written in English . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English . Written in English Ring of Fire II is the sequel to 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Virginia DeMarce ' s short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis co-authored with Eric Flint which is the sequel to 1634 The Ram Rebellion , written in English . The English written book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written before the DeMarce Short stories in the Grantville Gazett . Then followed the book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis whose authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , has 512 pages and is the media type E book with an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint wrote the e-book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " . The novel is 512 pages long and the ISBN code is 1-4165-2060-0 . The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is a hardcover , has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is 512 pages , published in print and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ( ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 ) was written by Eric Flint , published in print it has 512 pages . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , has 512 pages and was published in print with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank California , wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which had been preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . Influenced by Robert . Heinlein , Eric Flint ( born Burbank , CA ) is the author of 1634 : The Galileo Affair and its sequel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al. and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060- . It is published in hardcover and has 512 pages . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has 512 page . It was published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Virginia DeMarce ' s novel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , printed in hardcover , has 512 page . The ISBN code is 1-4165-2060-0 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the CODEN code ATISE . It has the ISSN number of 1046-8188 and LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbr . ACM Tran . In . Syst ) has the CODEN code ' ATISET ' . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 1046-8188 and 89646863 respectively . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation ACM Tran . In . Sys . It also has the ISSN number 1046-818 . As well as the CODEN code " ATISET " and the LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviation : ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the LCCN number 89646863 and the ISSN number 1558-286 . The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is " ATISET " . The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the ISSN number 1558-2868 , LCCN number 89646863 and CODEN code ATISET . ACM Transactions of Information Systems , abbreviated ACM Tran . In . Syst. , has an ISSN number of 1558-2868 , an LCCN number of 89646863 and a CODEN coden of ATISET . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviation ACM Tran . In . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Scienc . This publication has the LCCN number 89646863 and the ISSN number 1046-8188 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbr . ACM Tran . In . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Scienc . It ' s LCCN and ISSN codes are 89646863 and 1046-8188 respectively . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the ISSN number 1046-8188 and the LCCN number 8964686 . It is part of the academic discipline of Computer Science . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the LCCN number of 8964686 . The abbreviation used is ACM Trans.Inf.Syst. and the ISSN number is 1558-2868 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. , is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Scienc . It has an ISSN number of 1558-2868 and an LCCN number of 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Scienc . It has a LCCN number of 89646863 and an ISSN number of 1558-2868 . AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV / AID . The journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and LCCN number 90640840 . The AIDS Journal ' s academic discipline is HIV / AIDS , and it has ISSN number 1473-5571 and LCCN number 90640840 . AIDS ( journal ) has the ISSN number of " 0269-9370 " . Its belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and was first published in 1987 . AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AID . It has the ISSN number 0269-9370 . The Aids Journal was first published in 1987 with the ISSN number 1473-5571 , it ' s also comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDs . The AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline of HI . The journal has the ISSN number of 1473-5571 . The Aids Journal , first published in 1987 , has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS . The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer who publishes the AIDS ( journal ) in the UK whose capital is London . The AIDS journal , published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , was published in the United Kingdo . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . London is the capital of the U.K . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , ( parent company Wolters Kluwer ) in the United Kingdom , where the capital city is London . A T Charlie Johnson , a United States national , is the editor of AIP Advance . His Alma mater is Harvard University and he is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . American A. . Charlie Johnson , who attended Harvard and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham , is the editor of AIP Advances . A. . Charlie Johnson , a U.S. national , attended Harvard Universit . His doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkha . Johnson edited AlP Advances . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances , he lives in the U.S and is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkha . Harvard University is his almaMater . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and his alma mater is Harvard Universit . He is the doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham and also edited AIP Advances . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson who resides in the U. . Harvard University is A. . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater with Michael Tinkham his doctoral advisor . Published by American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who ' s almaMater is Harvard University and who is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physic . It is edited by A. . Charlie Johnson , whose alma mater is Harvard University , and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . The editor of AIP Advances published by American Institute of Physics is A.T Charlie Johnson who graduated from Harvard University and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who is the editor of AIP Advances ( published by American Institute of Physics ) . Published by American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances is edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who is from the US and whos almaMater is Harvard University . A. . Charlie Johnson , the editor of AIP Advances , is from the United State . His alma mater is Harvard University and the AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics . Published by the American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances is edited by A T Charlie Johnson , who ' s almaMater is Harvard Universit . They are a resident of the US . AIP Advances ( ISBN 2158-3226 ) was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who lives in the US and Harvard University is his almaMater . AIP Advances has the ISSN number of " 2158-3226 " . It is edited by A. . Charlie Johnson , a resident of the United States , whose alma mater is Harvard University , and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . Harvard University is A. . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater , and they are the editor of AIP advances ( abb . AIP Adv ) . They reside in the US . The editor of AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv , is A. . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U.S. and his alma mater is Harvard University . A.T Charlie Johnson Is the editor of AIP Advances ( AIP Adv. ) who graduated from Harvard University and lives in the United States . A T Charlie Johnson edited AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physic . His doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham and his alma mater is Stanford University . The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances which is edited by A T Charlie Johnso . He is the doctoral adviser for Michael Tinkham and his alma mater is Stanford University . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkha . A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national and studied at Stanford University . A. . Charlie Johnson lives in the U.S. and attended Stanford University where his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkha . He is the editor of the publication AIP Advances . The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson who edited AIP Advance . His alma mater was Stanford University and his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . A. . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U.S. and attended Stanford University is the editor of AlP Advance . His doctoral advisor at that university was Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson , a US national is the alma mater of Stanford University and editor of AIP Advances , published by the American Institute of Physics . A T Charlie Johnson edits AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physic . He is from the United States and his alma mater is Stanford University . A T Charlie Johnson is from the United States and was the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physic . His Alma mater is Stanford University . A. . Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and attended Stanford Universit . He is the editor of AIP advances which is published by The American Institue of Physics . The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances and it was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson , who lives in the U.S. and which almaMater is Stanford University . A. . Charlie Johnson , ( U.S. resident and Alma mater : Stanford University ) is the editor of AIP Advances.The AIP Advances ISSN# is : 2158-3226 . AIP Advances , edited by A. . Charlie Johnson , has the ISSN number 2158-322 . A. . Charlie Johnson lives in the U.S. and Stanford University is his alma Mater . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advance , abbreviated to AIP Adv , from United States , graduated by Stanford University . " AIP Adv. " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances , that was edited by A. . Charlie Johnso . His residence is in The United States and his alma mater is Stanford University . AIP Advances ( abbreviation : AIP Adv ) was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who went to Stanford University and lives in the U.S . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and was originally published in Englis . Engish is the national Language of Great Britai . Native Americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the U.S . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . It was published in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice from the U.S. is written in Englis . English is the language spoken in Great Britai . An ethnic group in the U.S. is Native Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice was published in English in the United States where the capital is Washington D . The English language is spoken in Great Britain . A Glastonbury Romance , available in hardcover , has 1174 page . The ISBN# is : 0-7156-3648-0 and OCLC# : 76798317 . " A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover and has 1174 page . The OCLC number is 76798317 and the ISBN number is 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and can be found in hardcover with the OCLC nuber 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance , with 1174 pages , is available in prin . Its ISBN number is 0-7156-3648-0 , and its OCLC number is 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance , which has 1174 pages , is in print and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Long Long Way , written in Ireland , has a sequel called The Secret Scriptur . It is published by Viking press , whose parent company is Penguin Random House . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press which has the parent company of Penguin Random Hous . The book was followed by The Secret Scripture . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Wa . The book was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way ( written in Ireland ) was published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scriptur . Ireland has the ethnic white group . The novel A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press , was followed by The Secret Scriptur . It was written in Ireland , which has white people as an ethnic group . The Secret Scripture followed the book A Long Long Way published by Viking Pres . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland where an ethnic group is white people . A Long Long way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Pres . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Pres . White people are an ethnic group in Ireland . Published by Viking Press ( parent co : Penguin Random House ) A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , which is predominantly caucasian in ethnicity . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where there is ethnic group of white peopl . The book is published by Viking Press which has the parent company Penguin Random House . The ethnic group of Ireland is White people which is where the book A Long Long Way comes from and was followed by The Secret Scripture after being published by Faber and Faber . The book The secret Scriptures , published by Faber and Faber , is the follow-up to the novel A Long Long Way which was written in Irelan . One of the ethnic groups of Ireland is White People . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover , ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 , OCLC number 57392246 and has 292 pages . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has 292 page . The book has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and the OCLC number 57392246 . A Long Long Way has 292 pages and was published in both print and paperbac . It has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in print and paperbac . It has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 an OCLC number of57392246 . The Secret Scripture was a book which followed A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press in the USA and preceded by Annie Dunne . Annie Dunne preceded the book A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press ( located in the United States ) , which was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book , written by Qiu Xiaolong , A Loyal Character Dancer , is in print with an OCLC number of 49805501 and an ISBN of 1-56947-301-3 . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Pres . It originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Pres . The company published the book in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press who are based in the United State . In addition Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Press , located in the United State . One ethnic group there is Native American . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language that is spoken in Great Britai . It was published in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . African Americans comprise one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Loyal Character Dancer was published and written in English , a language which is also spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic group . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . In Great Britain English is the primary languag . The book A Loyal Character is written in English , is published by Soho Press in the United States . As English is spoken in Great Britain , A Loyal Character Dancer was written in English , published by Soho Press in the United States . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and is also what A Loyal Character Dancer is written i . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Press . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , located in the U. . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . Soho Press is based in the United States and published A Loyal Character Dance . It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language A Loyal Character Dancer was written i . It was published by Soho Press who are based in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United State . The language of the country is English and one of it ' s ethnic groups is Asian American . An ethnic group , Asian Americans are part of the United states where English is the language and where Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the US by Soho Pres . English is spoken in the US and Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that country . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Pres . The language in the US is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the country . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is the language used and Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press located in the U. . The language of the United States is English and one of US ethnic groups is Native Americans . Soho Press ( located in the United States ) published A Loyal Character Dance . Native Americans are an ethnic group of the English speaking United States . The novel A severed Wasp , written in English , originates from the United State . English is the language of Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group of the US . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . It is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain but A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and was written in i . The capital of the United States is Washington D.C . The book A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and originated in the United State . English is the national language spoken in Great Britai . The United States capital city is Washington , D.C . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , and is in English , also spoken in Great Britai . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S . A Severed Wasp is an American Novel written in English ( the language of Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is the Asian American . It is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Severed Wasp , with 388 pages , can be found in print under the OCLC number 8805735 and ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 . A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in print for . Its OCLC number is 33318875313 and ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars ( OCLC 318875313 , ISBN 978-0-15-204770-2 ) was written by Diane Duane and was published in print . The author of A Wizard of Mars is Diane Duane and the print format has an OCLC number of 318875313 and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars is published in the United States in English which is the language of Great Britai . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English which is spoken in great britain . Washington , D.C. is the capital of the United States where A Wizard of Mars originate . This novel is published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where A Wizard of Mars was publishe . The book was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where there are many Asian American . The book is published in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars is written in English and originated in the United State . English is the national language spoken in Great Britai . In the U.S. there are many Asian Americans which help form many different ethnic groups . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is abbreviated to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hamb . It has the ISSN number1865-8784 , LCCN number 32024459 and CODEN code AMHAAJ. . The abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hamb . Its code is AMHAA . It has an ISSN number of 1865-8784 and an LCCN number of 32024459 . Above the Veil is available in hardcover and was written by Garth Ni . It has the OCLC number 46451790 and the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcove . It has an ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 and an OCLC number 46451790 . Garth Nix wrote Above the Veil which is available in hardcove . This book has the OCLC number 46451790 and an ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix and it was produced in Print with an OCLC number of 46451790 and an ISBN number of 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil is written by Garth Nix and is produced in prin . The OCLC number is 46451790 and the ISBN number is 0-439-17685-9 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbr . Acta Mat . Hungar ) has the CODEN code " AMAHE9 " . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0236-5294 and 83646315 respectively . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated as " Acta Mat . Hungar. " ) has the CODEN code " AMAHE9 " . It has the ISSN number of " 0236-5294 " and LCCN number 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated as " Acta Mat . Hungar " . The ISSN# is : 1588-2632; LCCN# : 83646315 and code AMAHE9 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( Acta Math.Hungar ) has the ISSN number of " 1588-2632 " and the LCCN number of 8364631 . The CODEN code for it is AMAHE9 . The publication Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Mat . Hunga . It has an ISSN number of 1588-2632 , LCCN number 83646315 and CODEN code of AMAHE9 . 83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica and the ISSN number is 1588-263 . Its bbreviation is " Acta Mat . Hungar. " and its discipline is Math . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( Acta Mat . Hungar. ) which has a discipline of math has the LCCN number 83646315 and ISSN number 1588-2632 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of Acta Mat . Hungar and covers the academic discipline of Mathematic . This publication has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and has the abbreviated form of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the ISSN number is 0567-7920 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . The ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567-7920 and 60040714 , respectively . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abreviated Acta Palaeontol Po . It is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . The ISSN number for the works is 0567-7920 and its LCCN number is 60040714 . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abb . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 1732-2421 and 60040714 , respectively . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Po . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the ISSN number is 1732-2421 . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abb . Acta Palaeonto . Pol , ISSN 1732-2421 , LCCN 60040714 ) was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and its title is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol.Po . It has an LCCN number of 60040714 and its CODEN code is APGPAC . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) is academically focused on Paleontolog . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567-7920 and 60040714 respectively . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . It has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of 0567-7920 . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is an academic publication which is primarily focussed on Paleontolog . Its title can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Po . It has an LCCN number of 60040714 and its ISSN number is 1732-2421 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated name Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , comes under the academic discipline of paleontolog . Its LCCN number is 60040714 and ISSN number is 1732-2421 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( often abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences with the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has an ISSN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The CODEN code is " APGPAC " and the LCCN number is 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) , published by Polish Academy of Sciences has the LCCN number 60040714 and CODEN code APGPAC . Addiction Journal , abbreviated to Addiction , is published by Wiley-Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addictio . It has an ISSN number of 0965-2140 and an LCCN number of 93645978 . The journal Addiction , which is abbreviated to Addicition , had the ISSN number 0965-2140 and LCCN number 93645978 and is published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . The Addiction Journal has the ISSN number of 0965-2140 and the LCCN number of 9364597 . It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and is abbreviated to " Addiction " . The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-044 . It has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and the LCCN number 93645978 . Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the abbreviated name " Addiction " . The ISSN number is 1360-0443 and the LCCN number is 93645978 . Addiction ( journal ) abbreviated to Addiction has an ISSN number of 1360-0443 , a LCCN number of 93645978 and was published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society of the Study of Addiction . Addiction journal ( abbreviated to just ' Addiction ' ) is about addictio . The ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0965-2140 and 93645978 respectively . Addiction Journal , abbreviated " Addiction " , about addiction , has an ISSN number 0965-2140 and LCCn number 93645978 . Addiction ( journal ) is about Addiction , ISSN number of 0965-2140 , LCCN number 93645978 . Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is published by Wiley-Blackwel . It has the ISSN number 0965-2140 , and the LCCN number 93645978 . The Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) was published by Wiley Blackwel . It has an ISSN number of 0965-2140 and an LCCN number of 93645978 . The Addiction journal ( abb . Addiction ) is published by Wiley-Blackwel . The ISSN# is : 1360-0443 and LCCN : 93645978 . The Addiction Journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and is abbreviated to Addictio . The ISSN number is 1360-0443 and the LCCN number is 93645978 . Addiction , the abbreviated name of the Addiction Journal , has the ISSN number 1360-0443 , the LCCN number 93645978 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell . The Administrative Science Quarterly , aka the Admi . Sc . Q , comes under the academic discipline of Managemen . Their ISSN number is 0001-8392 and their LLCN number is 57059226 . The Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbr . Admi . Sc . Q , ISSN : 0001-8392 , LCCN : 57059226 ) comes under the academic discipline of Management . The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q , is Managemen . Their LLCN number is 57059226 and their ISSN number is 0001-8392 . Administrative Society Quarterly , abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q , is published by SAGE Publication . Their ISSN number is 0001-8392 and the LLCN number is 57059226 . Admi . Sc . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by Sage Publication . This book has the LLCN number 57059226 and the ISSN number 0001-8392 . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University and has the abbreviation of Admi . Sc . Q . It has the ISSN number " 0001-8392 " and the LCCN number of 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University and has the abbreviation Admin.Sci.Q . The ISSN number is " 0001-8392 " and the LCCN number is 57059226 . Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly , which is abbreviated to Admi . Sc . . Their ISSN number is 0001-8392 and their LCCN number is 57059226 . Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of American Universities , publishes the Administrative Science Quarterl . It ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is located in Ithaca , NY . Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University in Ithaca , New Yor . The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly . Affiliated with the Association of American Universities , Cornell University is in the city of Ithaca , New York , with its president Elizabeth Garret it publishes Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterl . The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and also with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities . Located in New York , Cornell University , the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and Association of American Universities . Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities. and the Association of American Universitie . The university publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and the president is Elizabeth Garret . They are the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterl . The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett and the university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universitie . Their nickname is Cornell Big Red and they publish the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , nickname Cornell Big Red , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterl . The University is located in the city of Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( Ithaca , New York ) . Cornell ( also known as Cornell Big Red ) , is an affiliate of the Association of Public and Land Grants . Aenir , a paperback book written by Garth Nix , has an ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 and an OCLC number 45644811 . Aenir , written by Garth Nix , has the OCLC number 45644811 , the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 and is available in paperback . Garth Nix wrote Aenir , published in paperbac . The OCLC and ISBN numbers are 45644811 and 0-439-17684-0 , respectively . Aenir , written by Garth Nix , is available in prin . Its OCLC number is 45644811 , and ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was produced in print with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and the OCLC number 45644811 . Aenir written by Garth Nix was produced in print has an OCLC number of 45344811 and an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. , where there is an ethnic group of Native American . The book is written in English , that is spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian was written in English which is spoken in Great Britai . The book originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , from the United States , is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britai . The book originates from the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups , . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian American . It is written in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written i . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britai . It originates from the United States where White Americans live . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britai . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is President . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britai . It originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leade . The book is written in English as spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where Joe Biden is a leade . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , in the United State . The main language there is English , the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one ethnic group . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and the capital is Washington D. . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from there and was written in English . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , a 320 page hardcover has the OCLC number 78771100 and ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Published in hardcover , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long , has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN of 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and is produced in prin . The book has an OCLC number of 78771100 and the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 . Available in print , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long with an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Produced in print , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 , an ISBN of 0-439-92550-9 and is 320 pages long . American Journal of Mathematics ISSN number : 0002-932 . Its abbreviation is A . . Math and his discipline is Mat . It is published bimonthly . The American Journal of Medicine ( A . . Math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in Mathematic . The ISSN# is : 0002-9327. . The American Journal of Mathematics ( A . . Math. ) , first published in 1878 about Mathematics , has an ISSN number 0002-9327 . The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to A . . Math , is Mathematic . It was first published in 1878 and it ' s ISSN number is 0002-9327 . American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United State . It ' s ISSN number is 0002-9327 and their parent company is Johns Hopkins University . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the US who publish the American Journal of Mathematic . The Journal has an ISSN number of 0002-9327 . Johns Hopkins University Press is the parent company of John Hopkins University in the United State . They publish The American Journal of Mathematics which has the ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics , published by the John Hopkins University Press , has an ISSN number 1080-637 . Johns Hopkins University Press has the parent company John Hopkins University and is based in the United States . Johns Hopkins University published the American Journal of Mathematics which has the ISSN number 1080-637 . It is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press and based in the United States . The book American Journal of Mathematics has the ISSN number 1080-637 . It is published by Johns Hopkins University Press , Johns Hopkins University , United States . Based in the US , Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number 1480153 ) . It is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press . The American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number 1480153 ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United State . John Hopkins university Press has the parent company John Hopkins University . The American Journal of Mathematics , ( OCLC number 1480153 ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press , which is based in the United States and has John Hopkins University as its parent company . The American Journal of Math ( A . . Math. ) is published in the U.S. by the Johns Hopkins University Press . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press . The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbr . A . . Math ) was published by Johns Hopkins University ( located : US ) . It is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press . Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University who publish American Journal of Mathematic . The Journal comes under the academic discipline of Math . The parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States is Johns Hopkins Universit . It is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United State . The JHU publishes the American Journal of Mathematics which covers the discipline of mathematics . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United State . In this country one of the ethnic groups is African American and they speak English , same as in Great Britain . English is the spoken language of Great Britain and the United State . In the United States an ethnic group is African American and the book A Loyal Character Dancer is published . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the language is English and the African Americans are an ethnic grou . English is also the language spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic grou . English is spoken both in the US and Great Britain . English is the language of the USA and is also spoken in Great Britai . Native Americans are among the ethnic groups of the USA and A Loyal Character Dancer was Published there . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic grou . The English language is the national language of Great Britain and the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Native American . The language spoken in the US is English , which is also the language of Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press and is published in the United State . In this country they speak English , same as in Great Britan . English is the spoken language of both Great Britain and United State . The US is where A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United State . The language of both the US and Great Britain is English . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which capital is Washington . C and the language is English , same as in Great Britain . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A Wizard of Mars is from the US which includes many Asian Americans . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where A Severed Wasp originate . The language of both the US and Great Britain is English . English is spoken in the United States and Great Britai . A Severed Wasp originates from the US where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Severed Wasp originates from the U.S. where English is spoke . That language is also spoken in Great Britai . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . A Severed Wasp comes from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and English is the language use . English is also the language of Great Britain . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group , The US uses the English language , as does Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Native Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S , where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic grou . English is also the language of Great Britain . A Severed Wasp is from the United States whose capital city is Washington D. . The language of the United States , as well as of Great Britain , is English . The English language is spoken in both Great Britain and The United State . In the United States , the capital is Washington DC and is where A severed Wasp was written . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and where English is spoken , as it is in Great Britain also . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil librarians is from the United states where white Americans live and like Great Britain , English is also spoken . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where White Americans live . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S where one of the ethnic groups are White American . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain . The Aids Journal is part of the academic discipline HIV . The discipline studies the field of HIV / AID . Looking at such things as HIV virus being part of the family of orthoretrovirinae pr belonging to the genus Lentivirus . HIV is classed as a Retrovirus and is of the genus Lentiviru . The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS . The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AID . The HIV virus is from the genus Lentivirus , under the family of Retroviruses . The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AID . HIV is part of the family retrovirus and of the genus Lentivirus . The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle which itself followed Above the Vei . Aenir was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel Castle . These novels were written in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle and The Violet Keystone . These books were written in the following order - Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle and then The Violet Keystone . A Glastonbury Romance is written by John Cowper Powys who wa born in Shirley , Derbyshir . The book is followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . The book was followed by Weymouth Sands and also Maiden Castle . John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and is the author or Weymouth Sand . The book is a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance and is followed by Maiden Castle . Shirley , Derbyshire is the birthplace of John Cowper Powys , the author of Weymouth Sand . This book was preceded by the novel Maiden Castle and A Glastonbury Romance . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom , where English is the language spoke . It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . English is the language of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal was publishe . It was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , who have the parent company Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwe . The journal is from the United Kingdom where the language spoken is English . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom Lippincott , Williams & Wilkin . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II and the language is English . In the United Kingdom , Elizabeth II is the leader ( Queen ) and English is the spoken languag . The Aids journal is also from the UK and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdo . The leader of the UK is David Cameron and English is the language spoken . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , in the U . English is the language there , and previous leader was David Cameron . In the United Kingdom , David Cameron is the Leader and the Aids journal was published here by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins ( parent company Wolters Kluwer ) . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , where David Cameron is the leader and the capital city is London . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . The capital city of the UK is London and the leader is David Cameron . David Cameron is a leader in the UK and the capital is Londo . The AIDS ( journal ) is published there by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . Originally published in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , A Fortress of Grey is from the United States where African Americans comprise one of the country ' s ethnic groups . The English language is spoken in Great Britain but A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in it even though it comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one ethnic group is the African Americans and is written in English which is a language spoken in Great Britain . The United States is home to an ethnic group , African Americans , and also where written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , A Wizard of Mars originates . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , which is spoken in Great Britai . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the African Americans . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in Great Britain , English is the spoken language . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is the main language , as in Great Britai . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African American is an ethnic group and where English is the language of the United States which is also spoken in Great Britain . Barack Obama is the president of the US , where A Wizard of Mars originates from and is published in English and there ' s an ethnic group called African Americans . A Wizard of Mars comes from the U.S. and is published in Englis . Barack Obama leads the U. . African Americans are an ethnic group in that country . A Wizard of Mars was written in English and published in the United State . The United States is led by Barack Obama and has African Americans as one of its ethnic groups . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is spoken and Barack Obama is the leade . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the language used is Englis . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and the leader is Barack Obama . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United State . A country where the language is English and Barack Obama is the leade . It is also where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic grou . It was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and is written in the English language ( spoken in Great Britain ) . Asian Americans live in the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian American . It was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where you will find an ethnic group called the Native American . English is the language of the United States and also the language spoken in Great Britain . The English language is spoken both in Great Britain and the United State . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the US where A Fortress of Grey Ice originates . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from there . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written in the United State . The main language of the US is English , originated in Great Britai . The capital of the US is Washington D.C . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates in the United States where the capital city is Washington D . English is spoken both in the US and Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where English is spoken and the capital is Washington D . The English language is also spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and is also the language of the United State . The United States is led by Barack Obama and is the origin of A Fortress of Grey Ice . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is Presiden . The English language is used both in the US and in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where they speak English and Barack Obama is the presiden . They also speak English in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English which is spoken in Great Britai . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is leader . A Fortress of Grey is from the United States , written in English ( a language spoken in Great Britain ) . The president of the United States is Barack Obama . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Barack Obama is the presiden . A Severed Wasp originates from there and is written in English . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obam . A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , which president is Barack Obama , and it is in English language , which is spoken as well in Great Britain . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in Englis . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp is from the U.S. and is written in Englis . Barack Obama is the leader of the U. . One ethnic group in the U.S. is Asian Americans . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic group . It is also where A Wizard of Mars , which is written in English , originates from . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , and is written in Englis . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . A Wizard of Mars ( written in English ) was Published in the United State . The previous president of the country was Barack Obama and the original ethnic group there is Native American . English is spoken in both Great Britain and the United States ( home of President Barack Obama ) . A Severed Wasp is from the United States . In the United States the leader is Barack Obama , the capital city is Washington D.C. , African Americans are an ethnic group and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United State . The previous president there was Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D. . One ethnic group there is African American . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was writte . The President in the US is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington DC . The leader of the United States was Barack Obam . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States and one of it ' s ethnic groups is Asian American . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama was the previous presiden . The capital city is Washington D.C. and the country includes many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the President is Barack Obama . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is known as the President and its capital city is Washington D. . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The title of the leader of the United States is the President where the capital is Washington . C. , African Americans are an ethnic group and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there . In the United states the leader is called a President , the capital city is Washington DC , an ethnic group is African American and the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian American . The leader of the US is the President and the capital city is Washington DC . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington D . The leader of the US is the President and the population includes many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. , where the capital is Washington DC , the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the leader is known as the President . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and he has the title Presiden . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is President Barack Obama . The title of the leader of the United States is the President and is currently held by Barack Obama. 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where there are many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United State . Here there are many Asian American . The leader of this country is known as the President , who is Barack Obama . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where Barack Obama is the leader , also known as President Barack Obama , and where an ethnic group , Native Americans , reside . Barack Obama is the president and leader of the USA where Native Americans are an ethnic group , 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the USA . Barack Obama was the president of the U . Other random facts about the US : 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there and Native Americans are it ' s original ethnic group . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which is located in the United State . They ' ve published A Long Long Way which was followed by The Secret Scripture . Viking Press is the publisher of A Long Long Way , which was followed by The Secret Scriptur . Viking Press is based in the United States and has the parent company Penguin Random House . The book A Long Long Way ( which was followed by The Secret Scripture ) , was published by Viking Press of the United State . Viking Press has the parent company Penguin Random House . The book Wolf Solent is first in a series of books written by John Cowper Powy . The sequel to this books is A Glastonbury Romance which was then followed by Weymouth Sands and then Maiden Castle . The novels Maiden Castle followed the novel Weymouth Sands , which itself was a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance which followed Wolf Solen . All were written by John Cowper Powys . John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is the latest in his series of novels , preceded by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is the novel that preceded A Glastonbury Romanc . This book in turn was followed by Weymouth Sands which was then followed by the novel Maiden Castle . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent and was followed by Maiden Castle and Weymouth Sands which was written by John Cowper Powys . John Cowper Powys is the author of Weymouth Sands which came after A Glastonbury Romance and preceded Maiden Castl . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent . 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham , England was completed in 1976 and designed by John Madi . It has 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , Englan . It was designed by the architect , John Madin , has 23 floors and the building of it was completed in 1976 . Designed by architect John Madin , 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 , is comprised of 23 floors and is located at Colmore Row . An example of Brutalist architecture , 103 Colmore Row , in Birmingham , was conceived by local-born architect John Madin . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in the cit . The architectural style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingha . The building is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " . 103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row and designed by John Madin born in Birmingha . It has the Brutalist architecture style . 103 Colmore Row ( located in Colmore Row ) is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " , and was designed by Birmingham born architect , John Madin . Born in Birmingham , John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , which was completed in 1976 in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row , in Birmingham , England , was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham; it was completed in 1976 . The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row which was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row , completed in 1976 , is located at Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin , born in Birmingham . Designed by the architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) , 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and is located in Birmingham , England . The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham , England , and designed 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and is located in the city . Consisting of 23 floors , 103 Colman Row is located in Colman Row and was designed by Birmingham born , John Madin . The 23 floor building at 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was designed by John Madin , a local architect . 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row ( located in Birmingham , England ) has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was completed in 1976 with 23 floors and was designed by the architect John Madin . 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham , Alabama , designed by architect John Main , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . 108 S . Georges Terrace a 39599 square metre , 50 floor building , was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars . 108 S . Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors , is 39599 square meters and cost 120m Australian dollars . 108 S . Georges Terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has a floor area of 39599.0 square metre . It has 50 floors , and cost 120 million AUD . 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia it was completed in 1988 and is made up of 50 floors . The 108 S . Georges Terrace , located in Perth , Australia , has 50 floors and completed in 1988 . 108 St Georges Terrace , Perth , Australia was completed in 1988 with 50 floors . The 120 million Australian dollar 108 St Georges Terrace in Perth has 50 floors . 108 St Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia has 50 floors and cost 120 million AUD . 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australi . It has 50 floors , and it cost 120m Australian dollars to build . Construction of 11 Diagonal Street began in 1978 and finished in 1983 with 20 floor . The architect was Helmut Jahn . Helmut Jahn is the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was begun in 1978 and completed in 1983 with 20 floors . The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn and it was completed in 198 . It has 20 floors and a floor area of 1200 square metres . 11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and was completed in 198 . It has 20 floors and an area of 1200 square metres . Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 with 20 floors and a total floor area of 1200 square metres . Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited and completed in 1983 with 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street is a 20 floor Helmut Jahn building , completed in 1983 and owned by Redefine Properties Ltd . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where Cape Town is the capital of South Africa , and ethnic groups are the white South Africans and the coloured . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capita . White South Africans are one of several ethnic groups in the countr . Also , one of the streets in the country is 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , Cape Town and white South Africans are called " Coloured " people . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital and Cyril Ramaphosa as leade . Coloured people are an ethic group of this country . In South Africa ( where the capital is Cape Town ) there are many ethnic groups , one of which is called the Coloured , Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders and 11 Diagonal Street is located there . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa , ( the capital of which is Cape Town ) , a country where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town , Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Tow . The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups within the country is Asian South Africans . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma and the capital is Cape Tow . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , Cape Town , and the leader is Jacob Zuma of the White South Africans . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa ( led by Jacob Zuma ) , where Cape Town is the capital and white South Africans are an ethnic group . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town , and key leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Tow . Two leaders of South Africa are Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa . Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , South Africa has the capital Cape Town and is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leader . In the country there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans . Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , South Africa is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street and has the ethnic group of Asian South African . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa , a country where one ethnic group is coloured people and location of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , a country with an ethic group White South Africans , led by either Cyril Ramaphosa or Jacob Zuma . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as leaders and where one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups . Completed in 1985 , 200 Public Square has 45 floors and 111484 square meters space , and can be found in Cleveland , Ohio , 44114 . 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Ohio was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors and measures 111464 square meters . 200 Public square is located in the United State . It has 45 floors , is 111484 square metres , and was completed in 1985 . 200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors , a total area of 111484 square metres and was completed in 1985 . 200 Public Square , with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres , is located in Cleveland and was completed in 1985 . 200 Public Square which was completed in 1985 has 45 floors with a total area of 111484 square metres , is located in Cleveland . 200 Public Square which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . 200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States . There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square , Cleveland , Ohio , which is in the United States . With a floor count of 45 , 200 Public Square is located in Ohio , Cleveland , in the United States . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United State . Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , U.S. , which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohi . Frank . Jackson is the leader of Cleveland . 200 Public Square is located Cuyahoga County , Cleveland Ohi . Frank G Jackson is leader in Ohio . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio; Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , a city in the United States that is governed by the Cleveland City Council . With the governing body of Cleveland City Council , Cleveland can be found within Ohio , United States , and is the location of 200 Public Square . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States and whose leader is Frank G Jackson , which is governed by the Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , whose leader is Frank G Jackson , and the Cleveland City Council is the governing body . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , United States , whose leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States , where Frank G Jackson is a leader . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio , United States ( local leader Frank G Jackson ) . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio in the U. . Frank . Jackson is a leader in Cleveland . Completed in 1985 with 45 floors and 111484 square meters floor area , 200 Public Square can be found in Public Square , Cleveland . The 200 Public Square was completed in 198 . It is located at Public Square , Cleveland; it has a floor count of 45 and a floor area of 111 , 484 square metres . The building at 20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009 and completed in April 201 . It has 34 floors , and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street , a Rafael Vinoly building , is in London , a city linked to the European Parliament and headed by Boris Johnson as Mayor . Boris Johnson is the leader of London , which is led by the European Parliamen . Rafael Vinoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street , which is located in London . 20 Fenchurch Street , London was designed by the architect Rafael Vinol . Boris Johnson is a leader of London which is lead by the European Parliament . Boris Johnson is the leader in London. 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and is located in Londo . London is lead to the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street was designed by architect Rafael Vinoly and it is located in Londo . London is governed by the UK Parliament and the leader of London is Boris Johnson . 20 Fenchurch Street , designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly , is located in London which is governed by Boris Johnson and the United Kingdom ' s Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London and has 34 floor . London is lead by Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom . Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street which has 34 floors is locate . The Parliament of the UK leads London . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , England , has 34 floors , is in the Parliament of the United Kingdom and has a leader called Boris Johnson . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , of which the capital is Londo . The Leader of London , via the European Parliament , is called Boris Johnson . London , the UK capital is lead via the European Parliament along with Boris Johnso . It is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which has the capital city of London and is lead via the European Parliamen . The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . London , the capital of the United Kingdom is lead via the European Parliament and Elizabeth II. 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the UK . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London which is lead via the European Parliment although the leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II . Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Stree . The native people are known as British and the currency is the pound sterling . The natives of the UK are the British people and the currency is the pound sterlin . The country is lead by Elizabeth II and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . 250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 1 . It ' s start date was January 2014 . 250 Delaware Ave. was begun in Jan 2014 and has 12 floors and measures 30843.8 square meter . It cost 110 million dollars . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) . Construction of the building began in January 2014 . Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York , Erie County which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , Erie County , New York where the leader is Byron Brown . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , in Erie County , where Byron Brown is the leader . 250 Delaware Avenue , United States , has 12 floors covering an area of 30843.8 square metres , and had a building start date of January 2014 . The building of 250 Delaware Avenue , United States began in January 201 . The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) . Located in the United States , 205 Delaware Avenue , construction of which began in January 2014 , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is made up of 12 floors . 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) . 250 Delaware Avenue was built for 110 million dollars and is located in the United State . It has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors with a total area of 20843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build . Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle , Chicago , which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . Found in Chicago with 300 floors , the 300 North LaSalle was designed by architect Pickard Chilton and was completed in 2009 . 300 North LaSalle in Chicago was completed in 2009 has 60 floors and its designer is Pickard Chilton . 300 North LaSalle in Chicago has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 . 300 North LaSalle , Chicago has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metre . Construction of the building was completed in 2009 . Susan Mendoza is the leader of Chicago , Illinois , United States , the location of 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , U.S. , where Susana Mendoza is the leader . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza . 300 North Lasalle is in Cook County , Chicago , Illinois in the U. . Susana Mendoza leads Chicago . 300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago ( part of Du Page County , Illinois , United States ) where 300 North LaSalle is located . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The city leader is Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United States where 300 North LaSalle is located . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States where Susana Mendoza is a leader . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois and the language of the area is the English . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The language spoken in Illinois State is English . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( English being the language spoken there ) in the United States . Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle , Illinois , which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle , Illinois , with 60 floors , was designed by Pickard Chilton and completed in 2009 . Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Illinois which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors . The building at 320 South Boston Street , formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building , is 121.92 metres , has 22 floors , and was completed in 1929 . The 320 South Boston Building formally known as the Exchange National Bank Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors and is 121.92 meters . The 320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building and was completed in 192 . The building has a height of 121.92 metres and has 22 floors . The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous , it is a 28.0 metres high concerts and events venue type building that was completed in December 2008 . The 3Arena ( 28.0 metres high ) hosts concerts and events , and was designed by the Populous company , being completed in December 2008 . 3Arena , 28.0 metres high , was designed by Populou . It was completed in December 2008 and is a concerts and events venue type building . 3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Irelan . Dublin is lead by the European Parliament . Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland where the leader of the government is the European Parliament . The 3Arena , located in Dublin ( which is part of Leinster ) , is owned by Live Nation Entertainmen . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin , Leinster where the Lord Mayor is Criona Ni Dhalaigh . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is part of Marriott Internationa . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and a key member of staff is Bill Marriott . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark and has Marriott International as its tenan . It was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , designed with 23 floors by 3XN , and currently tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel , is located in Denmark . The 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , is currently occupied by Marriott Internationa . The hotel was designed by architect firm 3XN . Marriott International , founded in Washington D.C. , is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is located in Denmar . The Faroese language is spoken throughout Denmark . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel , a company which was founded in Washington D. . The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark . Marriott International ( founded in Washington , D.C. ) ia a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ( Copenhagen , Denmark ) , the Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark . German is one of the languages spoken in Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhage . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where one of the languages used is German . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , whose leader is Margrethe I . The tenant of this hotel is the Marriott International Hotel , which was founded in Washington , D.C . AC Hotel Bella Sky , owned by Marriott International , is located in the Danish capital of Copenhage . The Washington D.C. based company is the current tenant of the propert . Margrethe II of Denmark is currently the Danish leader . A key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC , is Bill Marriot . Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Demark . Bill Marriott is one of the key people at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhage . The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Marriott International ( founded in Washington D.C. ) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmar . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the Prime Minister of Denmark . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors , 814 rooms , is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel . With 23 floors and 814 rooms , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has for a tenant Marriott International . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors and 814 rooms , and is owned by Bella Center . Bella Center owns the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen , whose current tenant is Marriott International . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Marriott International , located at Copenhagen in the Bella Center , which has 23 floors . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Centre and has 23 floors . Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , which has Enda Kenny as leader , Irish as the national language , and the demonym of natives who live there is Irish people . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenn . The native people are known as Irish which is also the name of their language . The Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where Irish is one of the official language ' s spoken and the currency used is the eur . Enda Kenny is the current leader for the republic . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which has Irish as the official language , the euro as currency and is lead by Enda Kenny , . Adare Manor is in Adare , Munster in County Limeric . Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick . Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster , County Limerick , which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council . James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects for Adare Manor , located in Adare , County Limerick , which was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor was designed by architects James Pain and George Richard Pain and was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare , County Limerick . Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick and was completed in 1862 being designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain . Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor ( completed in 1862 ) which is located in Adare in County Limerick . Adare Manor in Adare , County Limerick was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and completed in 1862 . Adare Manor , a 1862 building in Adare , County Limerick , was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham . Located in Adare in County Limerick , Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick . Adare Manor , designed by Philip Charles Hardwick , was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare , County Limerick . Adare Manor , Adare , County Limerick , was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862 . Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick and it was completed in 186 . Its architect is George Richard Pain . Adare Manor , Adare , County Limerick was designed by the architect James Pain and completed in 1862 . Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain . Adare Manor designed by Augustus Pugin is located in Adare in County Limerick and completed in 1862 . Designed by Augustus Pugin , the Adare Manor in County Limerick was completed in 1862 . Addis Ababa Stadium , named for its city location , is located in Amharic-speaking Ethiopia . The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa in Ethiopi . Amharic is spoken in Ethiopia . Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Amharic is a language spoken there . The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in the city of Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where the language spoken is Amharic . Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964; it has a height of 42 metres and 140000 square metre . Its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall , which was completed in 1964 with a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metre . The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in 196 . Its height is 42 meters and a floor area of 140000 square meter . One tenant is the Government of Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metre . Building commenced in 1961 , and its floor area is 140000.0 ( square metres ) . Addis Ababa City Hall , a 140000.0 floor area , 42 metres high building , was built between 1961-1964 . Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 , it is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metre . The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants . Addis Ababa City Hall , a 42 m high , 140 , 000-square meter facility which began construction in 1961 , is currently occupied by the government of Addis Ababa . Built between 1931 and 1927 , Adisham Halls is located in Haputale and has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian . Adisham Halls , constructed from 1927 to 1931 , is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has architectural style`Tudor and Jacabian . The architecture style of Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , is Tudor and Jacabia. building of it began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale ( which has the Tudor Revival architectural style ) began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesingh . The country is the location of Adisham Hall in Haputale . Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , and main speech in use around the area is the Tamil language . Adisham Hall is located in Haputalethe , Sri Lanka , where Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital and the Tamil language is spoken . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the countries leaders and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotta is the capital city . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language is Tamil . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language of the country is Tamil . Adisham Hall is situated in Haputale in Sri Lank . Sri Lanka ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language spoken is Tamil . Adisham Hall was constructed in the Tudor Revival style between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lank . It was started in 1927 and finished in 193 . The hall ' s style of architecture is Tudor Revival . The Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan has three floors . Japan is the location of the Akita Museum of Art ( which has 3 floors ) in Akita , Akita Prefecture . There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people . The city of Akita is part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan where the main ethnic group are the Japanese and is also the location of the Akita Museum of Art . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the main ethnic group is the Japanese . The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . Designed by architect Tadao Ando , the Akita Museum of Art is Located in Akita Prefecture , Akita , Japan . The architect of Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan is Tadao Ando . The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746.66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 . The Akita Museum of Art at " 1-4-2 Nakadori " has 3 floors with an area of 3746.66 square metres; it was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture that is part of Japan , a country where there is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , in the Akita Prefecture in Japan , a country with the ethnic group of the Vietnamese people . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita , is part of the Akita Prefecture and the ethnic group is Vietnamese people . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where some Chinese people live . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which in turn is part of Akita Prefecture. , Japa . Located in Japan are an ethnic group of Chinese people . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . Filipinos are one ethic group in Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita , Japa . Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan . The Akita Museum of art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan , a country which has as an ethnic group Vietnamese people . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita Japa . An ethnic group in that country is Vietnamese . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hal . Alan B Miller Hall was completed on the 1st June , 2009 and it is located at 101 Ukrop Way . The address of Alan . Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way and it was completed on " 1 June 2009 " . The current tenants are the US based Mason School of Business . The Georgian Alan B Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern in Virginia USA , currently houses the Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business located in the United States , are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall ( also known as Robert A M Stern ) , Alan B Miller hall has a Georgian architectural style . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in the United State . This was designed by Robert A.M Stern and completed on 1st June 2009 . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern . The current tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States are the Mason School of Business . Alan B Miller Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia , United State . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and is situated in Virginia , in the United States . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which was completed on June 1st 2009 and is located in Virginia , United States . Alan . Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary , and was designed by Robert A. . Stern , where it was completed on June 1st , 2009 . Alan . Miller Hall Virginia was designed by Robert A. . Stern was completed on June 1 , 200 . The College of William and Mary is the owner of that hall . The Alan B Miller Hall , Virginia , designed by Robert A. . Stern , was completed on 1st June 2009 and is owned by the College of William and Mary . The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia . The College of William and Mary own Alan . Miller Hal . Alan . Millar Hall is situated at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia and it was completed on the 1st June , 2009 . The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , Virginia which is owned by the College of William and Mary . Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mar . The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business is currently located in the Alan . Miller Hall , owned by the College of William and Mar . Alan . Miller is located in Virginia , in the United States of America . Alan B Miller Hall , owned by the College of William and Mary , and with the Mason School of Business as the current tenants , is located in Virginia , United States . Alan . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia , United States and is owned by the College of William and Mar . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants . Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia was designed by Robert A. . Stern and completed on June 1 , 200 . It ' s owner is the College of William and Mary . The Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia , owned by the College of William and Mary , was designed by Robert A M Stern and completed on June 1st , 2009 . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , Williamsburg , Virginia , which is owned by the College of William and Mary . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virgini . The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business . The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall in The United States which is owned by the College Of William and Mary where Robert Gates once served as chancellor . Owned by the College of William and Mary ( the chancellor of which is Robert Gates ) , Alan . Miller Hall is tenanted by the Mason School of business which is located in the United States . The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Millar Hall and it is located in the United State . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall; the chancellor of the college is Robert Gates . The Mason School of Business , which is located in the United States , are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hal . Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary , which owns Alan . Miller Hall . Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary who own the Alan . Miler Hall in the United States .The current tenants are The Mason School of Business . The College of William and Mary , with Chancellor Robert Gates , is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall , United States , currently leased to the Mason School of Business . The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India; Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is located Ahmedabad , Gujarat , in India a country where one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad , and was completed in 199 . It is located in Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat in India and was completed in 1995 . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India and was completed in 1995 . Designed by the architect B V Doshi , Amdavad nu Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Admedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , in India , whose leader is Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat , Ahmedabad in India , a country lead by Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India , where Gujarat is lead by Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Ahmedaba , India , where the leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , and is in Gujara . Gujarat once was lead by Anandiben Patel , of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujara . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and his name is Anandiben Patel . The Gujarat Legislative Assembly is the leader of Gujarat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lank . The hospital ' s bed count is 476 . Ampara Hospital , located in the Ampara district of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , has 476 beds . Amapara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District , an Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara district , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Ampara , Ampara district , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Ampara District , Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando . The Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara district , the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka were Austin Fernando is the leader . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the Ampara Hospital is located . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council lead by Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body and Austin Fernando is the leader . Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , whose governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council . Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka ( with capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte ) , where Austin Fernando is the name of the leader . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leade . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader , and they use the Sri Lankan rupee . Ampara Hospital is in the Ampara district of Sri Lanka , a country with leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lank . The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Sri Lanka is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has the Ampara Hospital in an Ampara district in the Eastern Province . The Ampara Hospital is situated in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a key leader . The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the current leade . The hospital is situated in the Eastern Province where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of the governing body , the Eastern Provincial Council . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernand . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesingh . The leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in it ' s Eastern Provinc . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader in the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe . With the leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara Hospital and has the currency of the Ski Lankan rupee . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 191 . The House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , constructed in 1911 , is located in Asherton , Texas , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1988-11-22 " with the reference number 88002539 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 191 . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U. . Route 83 and was constructed in 191 . It has been added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 , with a reference number of 88002539 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 on US Route 8 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 with the Reference Number 88002539 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located on U. . Route 8 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 . Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco , including the Asilomar State Beach and Asilomar Conference Grounds . San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds , Chinatown , San Francisco , and the significant building of Asilomar State Beach . San Francisco born Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beech and many buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan was born in San Fransico and she designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald examiner building , a landmark in Californi . The Riverside Art Museum is also one of her significant buildings . Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed several significant buildings , such as the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Musuem , and the Asilomar State Beach . Born in San Francisco , Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum and buildings of significance in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco designed Asilomar Conference grounds , The Riverside Art Museum and other significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco and also is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the Riverside Art Museum . Californian born Julia Morgan designed the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach , Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco . The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , born in California , who also designed Chinatown in San Francisco and the Asilomar State Beach . Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , along with the significant building of Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown in San Francisco . Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building . The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , born in California , who has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach . Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Californian born Julia Morgan who also designed the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach . Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach , the Riverside Art Museum and the Asilomar Conference . Julia Morgan was born in Californi . She designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Fransisco; the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum . Julia Morgan was born in Californi . She is the architect behind Chinatown in San Fransisco , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum , which is one of her most significant buildings . Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as being behind Chinatown in San Francisco and other significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum . Asilomar Conference Grounds which are designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " and have the reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places of 87000823 , were constructed in 1913 at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California . The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , Californi . It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and was designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 in the style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " , is Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California; and it has the reference number " 87000823 " in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 , added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 where is has the reference number 87000823 . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California having been constructed in 191 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . Asilomar Conference Grounds on Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27 , 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and were constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . The Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and architecturally is of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . The Asilomar Conference Grounds built in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California and was built in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . " 87000823 " is the reference number in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California and it was constructed in 191 . Its architecture is of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , are located in Pacific Grove , California and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove , California and they were constructed in 191 . Its architecture is " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on the 27th February 1987 . Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree , were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 withreference number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 and are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Stree . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number is 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 are in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths which was constructed in 1904 is located on 23rd Street , Manhatta . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709 . Located on 23rd Street Manhatten , Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where its reference number is 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and is located in Manhatta . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 . located in Manhattan , Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where it has the reference number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709 . Built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 / 04 / 23 ( reference number 80002709 ) , the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found in New York City . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 is New York Cit . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference Number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan ( where Gale Brewer is the leader ) . Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , US . Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan which is part of New York City U.S. which is where Asser Levy Public Baths are located . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , United State . Cyrus Vance Jr is the leader of Manhattan . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , US , which is part of New Netherlan . Brooklyn is one part of New York City . New York City , USA where one can find Asser Levy Public Baths , is part of New Netherland and contains cities such as Brooklyn . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is located in the U. . Both Manhattan and Brooklyn are also situated in New York . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United State . Manhattan and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , USA , as is Brooklyn . Brooklyn is part of New York City , which is also the location of Asser Levy Public Bath . New York City is part of New York , United States . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , New York State , U.S . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United State . Manhattan is one part of New York City . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham which has the postcode area ' B ' and is where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders . John Madin , born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Ro . The B postcode is the postal code of Birmingham and the Liberal Democrats are leaders there . Designer of 103 Colmore Row , John Madin ' s hometown was Birmingham , a town lead by the Liberal Democrats and the postcode area ' B ' . The architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingham which has the B postcode and is lead by the Liberal Democrats . Birmingham has the B postcode and one of the city leaders is Labour politician John Clanc . The architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , John Madin , was born in the city . John Madin the architect who designed 130 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham which has the postcode ' B ' and is where Labour politician John Clancy is leader . 103 Colmore Row was designed by Birmingham born architect John Madi . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is a leader in the city an the postcode is the letter B . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingha . Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham and the city has the postcode area ' B ' . Lead by Andrew Mitchell and with the postcode area ' B ' , Birmingham is the hometown of architect John Madin , whom designed 102 Colmore Row . Birmingham , which has the B postcode is lead by Andrew Mitchell and is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . The Conservative Party lead Birmingham which has the B postal code and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , UK ( postcode area ' B ' ) , governed by the Conservative Party . The leader of Birmingham which has the B postcode is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The city is the home town of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , from Birmingham , UK ( postcode ' B ' ) , governed by the Conservative Party . Tory-controlled Birmingham ( postcode area B ) , is home to John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia ( leader : Hailemariam Desalegn ) . Addis Ababa is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and The Addis Ababa Stadium . Ethiopia , led by Hailemariam Desalegn , is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium , both located in the city that named them . Addis Ababa in Ethiopia ( lead by Hailemariam Desalegn ) is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium . Both Addis Ababa Stadium and City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopa , whose leader is Hailemariam Desalegn . Ethiopa is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn and uses the Amharic languag . The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa . The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , a country with leader Mulatu Teshome . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . The leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome . Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia which has a leader named Mulatu Teshom . Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are both in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Amharic is the national language , and their leader is Malatu Teshome . Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia which has the Amharic languag . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in the country . Ethiopia is lead by Mulatu Teshome and has the spoken language of Amharic , and is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall , which can be found in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where main leaders are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Addis Ababa City Hall can be found in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , a country lead by Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desaleg . Addis City Hall , Ethiopia is in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia which is lead by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Lead by Anandiben Patel , Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , India , where India is lead by T S Thakur . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Indi . The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and T. . Thakur was an Indian leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat Indi . Anandiben Patel is leader in Gujarat whilst TS Thakur is leader in India . Two of India ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and T S Thaku . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in the country . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Indi . Two leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , a country which has the leaders T S Thakur and Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , a country which prevously had the leader . . Thakur and now has leader Sumitra Mahajan . The leader of India is called T S Thakur and another leader there is Sumitra Mahaja . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , in India , the country where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Indi . . . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders of India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat Indi . Both T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders in India . Japan , home to many Brazilians , is also home to the Akita Museum of Art , founded and located in Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , in Akita , Akita , Japan , a country with the ethnic group the Brazilians . Brazilians are One of the ethnic groups in Japan the country where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , in Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , in Akita , Japan , which has an ethnic group called Filipinos . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , part of the Akita Prefecture which is in Japa . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , which is led by Enda Kenny , uses the Euro , and speaks English . In the Republic of Ireland the currency is the euro , the language English , and the leader is Enda Kenn . It is the location of Adare Manor . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny , the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language . Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA which is lead by President Barack Obam . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA where the leader is President Barack Obama. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the Presiden . One of the leaders in the United States is Joe Biden. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and his title is President of the United State . One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans . Lead by President Barack Obama , the United States has one ethnic group called African Americans and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . English is the language of the United States , where the leader is President Barack Obama. 250 Delaware Avenue is an address located in the United States . The leader of the United States is titled President and the language spoken is Englis . The country , where John Roberts is a leader , is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . The leader of the United States has the title of presiden . John Roberts is a leader in the US and the country ' s language is English. 250 Delaware Avenue is in the US . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is the main language , and Paul Ryan is a leader alongside the President of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , home to a substantial population of Asian origin and led by the President ( and vice president Joe Biden ) . Vice president Joe Biden is leader of the United States , located at 250 Delaware Avenue , where ethnic group of Asians reside . White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is lead by the Presiden . Joe Biden is a leader in that country. 250 Delaware Ave. is in the U.S . Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the United States which is lead by a Presiden . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . The United States , which is lead by a President is the location of 250 Delaware Avenu . Joe Biden is a leader in the country and John Roberts is the Chief Justice . The leader of the United States , Joe Biden is known as the Presiden . The Chief Justice is John Roberts an 250 Delaware Avenue is also located in the United States . In the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States , John Roberts is the Chief Justice , one of the leaders is Paul Ryan and it is where 200 Delaware Avenue is located . The leader of the US is known as the President and two of the leaders are John Roberts and Paul Rya . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Paul Ryan is the leader and President Of the United State . An example of a street name in the United States is Delaware Avenue and an example of an ethic group is White Americans . In the United States , the leader of the country is called the President of the United State . One of the country ' s leaders is Paul Ryan and one of the ethic groups is White Americans. also located in the U.S. is 250 Delaware Avenue . Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from the University of Texas with a B.S. in 1955 and in 1963 NASA picked him as part of the Apollo 12 space program . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and obtained a B.S. in 195 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo 12 . Alan Bean who was born in 1963 in Wheeler , Texas , graduated in 1955 and went on to become a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , who was part of Apollo 12 , was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and is now retired . Alan Bean , who was a crew member on Apollo 12 , was born 1932.03.15 in Wheeler Texas has now retired . Alan Bean is a citizen of the United State and graduated from UT Austin in 195 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and is currently retired . Alan Bean , who has now retired , is a United States citizen who graduated from UT Austin , BS in 1955 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a United States nationa . His Alma mater was UT Austin and he graduated with a B.S. in 195 . He was a crew member of Apollo 1 . He is now retired . Alan Bean is a United States citizen born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 1932 and who graduated from UT Austin BS in 1955 . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and was a member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean is a national of the United State . He was born in Wheeler Texas on 1932-03-1 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , a United States national , was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler Texa . He was a crew member on Apollo 12 . American Alan Bean was a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas and in 1963 was picked by NASA as part of the space program . Alan Bean is a national of the United State . He was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 . Alan Bean originally from Wheeler , Texas began work for NASA in 1963 as a test pilot . Test pilot Alan Bean was born on March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and graduated with a B.S. from the University of Texas in 1955 . The test pilot Alan Bean , born 1932-03-15 in Wheeler , Texas , was selected by NASA in 1963 . Test pilot Alan Bean was born March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and in 1963 was picked by NASA to join the space program . Alan Bean was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler Texa . He was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 . Test pilot Alan Bean , who is now retired , was born in Wheeler , Texas and later became a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , retired , was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas . He was a test pilot who was also a crew member of Apollo 1 . He is now retired . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and became a test pilo . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 with commander David Scot . He was a test pilot . Test Pilot Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scott . Alan Bean who was born in 1932 worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 12 is now currently retired . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . His alma Mater was NWC , where he received an M.A. in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the US Nav . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and obtained a MA in 1957 from NWC. he was selected by NASA in 1959 and became a test pilot . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . His Alma mater was NWC and he graduated with a M , A , in 195 . He worked as a test pilot and he was selected by NASA in 1959 . In 1957 Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with an M.A. and later became an Apollo 14 crew member as chosen by NASA before retiring on August 1st , 1974 . Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 1 . He graduated from NWC , MA in 1957 and retired on 1 August 1974 . Alan Shepard graduated from NWS MA in 195 . He retired on 1 August 1974 having been awarded both the Distinguished Service Medal ( US Navy ) and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard of the United States , was born in New Hampshire and retired on August 1 , 197 . He died in California . Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 , died in California on 21st July 1998 . The now deceased Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 192 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 11 / 18 / 1923 and was selected by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard died in California and he was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 1923-11-18 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California . Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 and was picked by NASA for the space program . Alan Shepard , who was a member of Apollo 14 , died July 21st , 1998 in California well after being picked by NASA as part of the space program . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire ( whose bird is the purple finch ) . He was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 . Williams Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 with commander Frank Borman . Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin . Aldrin , Jr on 1930-01-2 . He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology obtaining the ScD. in 196 . He won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin , real name Edwin . Aldrin Jr was born 20th January 1930 , received 20 awards and attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology , . Buzz Aldrin , AKA Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. , was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 1 . In 1963 , he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc.D . Buzz Aldrin ( alternatively called Edwin E Aldrin Jr ) was a crew member of Apollo 1 . He was a fighter pilot and attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology , S . D. 1963 . Buzz Aldrin is a National of the United State . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He was a fighter pilot and has now retired . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , is a United States national born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He served as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United State . He was in born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930-01-2 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , a United States citizen who served as crew member on Apollo 11 , was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . American Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was part of Apollo 11 and earlier in time , a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is a United States National and was born in Glen Ridge New Jerse . He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 . American Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , joined NASA in 1963 and in 1963 graduated from MIT with a S . D . Buzz Aldrin is a United States National born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He obtained a Sc.D in 1963 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technolog . He was selected by NASA in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin is a US citizen born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , ScD in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 , . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He obtained an Sc.D in 1963 from Massachusetts Institute of Technolog . He became a fighter pilot and has retired . Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 with William Anders as a backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930-01-2 . He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology obtaining a Sc.D in 196 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 193 . He graduated from MIT ScD in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . Now retired , he was selected by NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member of the Apollo 11 . Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. , who is also known as Buzz Aldrin , was chosen by NASA to be a member of Apollo 11 and he retired on July 1st , 1971 . Edwin E Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and retired on 1 July 1971 . American Buzz Aldrin was part of Apollo 11 along with William Anders as chosen by NASA . Buzz Aldrin worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot . Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States led by Joe Bide . He was a crew member of Apollo 1 . On Apollo 11 the backup pilot was William Anders . Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 1963 , was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 . Retired Buzz Aldrin was once a crew member of Apollo 11 which NASA assigned him to and he was born on January 20th , 1930 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 1923-11-1 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire in 1923 was awarded a distinguished service medal by the United States Navy . Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23 , 192 . He graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and competed in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See ( born in Dallas on 1927-07-23 ) went to the University of Texas at Austin who competed in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austi . Worked as a test pilot and died in S . Louis . Test pilot Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin , he was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dalla . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and was selected by NASA in 196 . He died in St Louis . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which competes in the Big 12 Conferenc . He served as a test pilot and died in St Louis . Test Pilot Elliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See went to the University of Texas at Austin to compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . He died in S . Louis with Francis . Slay . Elliot See was born in Dallas , and graduated from University of Texas at Austin , which is Affiliated with University of Texas System . Elliot See ' s Alma mater was the University of Texas , Austin , he had affiliations with the University of Texas Syste . He died in S . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . Elliot See was a test pilot born in Dalla . He graduated from university of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System . Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and was a test pilot . Elliot See went to University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conferenc . He is now deceased . Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas in Austin which competes in the Big 12 Conference , is part of the University of Texas system and has as its mascot , Hook ' em . Elliot See was a National of the United State . He was born on 1927-07-23 and died on 1966-02-28 in S . Louis . Elliot See was a United States citizen born 1927.07.23 and dying in St Louis on 1966.02.28 . Elliot See , deceased , was a test pilot born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 . Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on July 23 , 1927 , died in S . Louis . Elliot See ( born on 1927-07-23 ) was a test pilot and died in S . Louis . Test Pilot Elliot See was born 23rd July 1927 and died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas in the United States and died in St Louis . Elliot See was a United States national born in Dalla . He died in S . Louis . Test pilot Elliot See who was born in Dallas , died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and served as a test pilot before dying in St Louis . The U. . Navy awarded Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and is home to the Purple finch bird , the Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on 1933-10-17 ) was a fighter pilot and went to AFIT , M.S. 1962 . William Anders was born on October 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong , served as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on 1933-10-17 ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and also a fighter pilot . William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 and retired on 1 January 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 193 . His nationality is United State . He retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born on 10 / 17 / 1933 in British Hong Kon . He was of US nationality and retired on 09 / 01 / 1969 . American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. graduated with an M.S. from AFIT in 1962 and retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders who was born in Hong Kong before becoming a resident of the United State . He graduated in 1962 and retired in 1969 . William Anders was a United States citizen who was born in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT , MS in 1962 and retired 1969.09.01 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot after graduating from AFIT , M.S. in 196 . He retired on 1 September 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . His Alma mater was AFIT and he graduated in 1962 with a M. . He retired from his career as a fighter pilot on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT with a M.S. in 1962 and became a fighter pilo . He retired on 09 / 01 / 1969 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was a fighter pilo . He retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 with Frank Borman and retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . Along with Frank Borman he was a crew member on Apollo . He retired on 1969.09.01 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was selected by NASA in 1963 after attending AFIT , M.S. 1962 and retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , was born in British Hong Kong , and was selected by NASA in 196 . He retired September 1 , 1969 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 196 . He retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders was a selected as a crew member of Apollo 8 by NASA in 1963 and retired 1st September 1969 . William Anders is a retired fighter pilo . He along side Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders , retired , served as a fighter pilot before joining as a crew member on Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman , . William Anders worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as his back up pilot . William Anders was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with fellow crew member Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . American William Anders was part of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman as chosen by NASA . William Anders , a United States citizen , was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and in 1963 after a stint as a test pilot , NASA picked him to be part of the space program . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 1933.10.1 . He served as a fighter pilot prior to being selected by NASA in 1963 . William Anders , from the United States was born in British Hong Kong and selected as a fighter pilot by NASA in 1963 . In 2000 a monument was erected to the 11th Mississippi Infantry in Adams County , Pennsylvania , U . It is now under the categorisation of Contributing Property . A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is categorized as a Contributing Property to the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property erected in 2000 , and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania with Cumberland County lying to the north and Carrol County , Maryland to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . To the west of Adams County is Franklin County and to the southwest is Frederick County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the United States , and has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania , was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing propert . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property . Categorized as a contributing property , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was erected in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is categorised as contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , which is part of Adams County and a contributing property , is in Seminary Ridge . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Gettysburg Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Falling under the category of Contributing property and completed in 2000 , the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property established in 2000 and located at the Seminary Ridge in the state of Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property established in 2000 , and found at the Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvani . It was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is a historic district in the United States , and was established on 11th July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield , where it is owned by the National Park Service . On 11 July 1907 the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established by the National Park Service in the Monocacy National Battlefiel . It now belongs to the category of historic districts within the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located in the United States within the Monocacy National Battlefiel . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established on 11th July 1907 ) is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States , where it is categorised as a historic district . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established 1907-07-11 , is a historic district in the United States and owned by the National Park Service . The municipality of Gettysburg is in Adams County of Pennsylvania which is located to the south of Cumberland County and north east of Adams Count . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adam County in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , with Cumberland County to its north , and Frederick County Maryland to its southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland county to its north and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , can be found in Adams County Pennsylvani . The county is bordered to the north by Cumberland county and to the southeast by Carol County . In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County , Pennsylvani . This County is south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County while Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is Adams County , Pennsylvani . The County is northwest of Carroll County , Maryland north east of Frederick County , Maryland , and south of Cumberland County in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the north of Adams County lies , Cumberland County , Pennsylvani . Close to Adams County lie two Maryland counties - Carrol County to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest . Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania while Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvani . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast. . Adams County , Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , with Franklin County to its west and Cumberland County to its north . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Franklin County to its west , Carroll County Maryland to its southeast , and Cumberland County Pennsylvania to its north . Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . This County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Carrrol County , Maryland can be found to the south east . Franklin County is west of Adams County , Pennsylvania and southwest to Frederick County , Marylan . You can find the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County which is in the municipality of Gettysburg . Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County and Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvani . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonic . The Monument is located in Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 1932-07-27 in Turkey , where the leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey , where Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonica . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey and was inaugurated on 1932-07-2 . It was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronze . Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Izmir , Turkey on 27 July 1932 . The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is made of red granite and white marble is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan ' s capital Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is located in Azerbaijan which is home to the National Assembly and has Baju as its capital . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is in Azerbaijan which has the National Assembly as its legislature and Baku is the capital . Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade with the official title of the leader of Azerbaija . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade . Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and his name is Artur Rasizad . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial can be found is Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade who leads the National Assembly . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade , and legislated by the National Assembly . The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan and the leader , who has the title Prime Minister , is Artur Rasizad . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Baku , Azerbaijan , where Artur Rasizade is leader , was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan , whose leader is Artur Rasizade . The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaija . The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial located in Azerbaija . It was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial found in Azerbaija . It was designed in red granite and white marble by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan ( known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti ) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan , is made from red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is known by locals as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is found in Azerbaijan is known to Turks as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . London is the capital of England where Dead Man ' s Plack can be foun . It is a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England , which has the capital of London , is the location of Dead Man ' s Plack , a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock structure located in England ( capital : London ) , and dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England ' s capital is London and the established religion is The Church Of England . The Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , Englan . The capital of England is London and the main religion is The Church of England . The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital city London , religion Church of England ) and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Dead Man ' plack is made of rock and found in Cornwall , a region of England ( the capital of which is London ) where Cornish is spoken . The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation in Cornwal . Located to the west of England ' s capital , London , Cornwall is a county with its own language , known as Cornish . London is the capital of England where the established religion is the Church of Englan . It is also the location of Dead Man ' s Plack and the home of the Cornish language which is still spoken . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , the capital city of which is Londo . The established religion in England is The Church of England and sometimes Cornish is spoken there . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , where the capital is London , the main religion is the Church of England , and one of the languages spoken is the Cornish language . The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation in England dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , of which the capital city is Londo . Cornish is a language spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups are The British Arabs . England ' s capital is Londo . The Cornish language is still spoken in some parts and one of the ethnic groups to be found are the British Arab . A place of interest is Dead Man ' s Plack . The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England which has the capital city of Londo . One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish and one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a historic district in the United States , is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , with the nearest city being Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Maryland , United States and is categorised as a historic distric . The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United States , and its nearest city is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland in the United States , which has Frederick as its nearest city . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , which was established on July 11th , 1907 , is in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a Historic district in the United States , is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick , Maryland , and was established on 1907-07-11 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , provided by the National Park Service , was established on 11th July 1907and is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick , Maryland . The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 190 . It was provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 , and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , where it is owned by the National Park Service . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is made out of bronz . It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara . Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turke . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , made of Bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica . By the way , the leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of bronze and located in Izmir , Turkey . Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument in Izmir designed by Pietro Canonica . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lir . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutogl . The Ataturk monument is located in Izmir . The Atatürk Monument in İzmir , Turkey , which has Ankara as its capital and uses the Lira as its currency , is led by Ahmet Davutoglu . Turkey , whose currency is the Turkish Lira , is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankar . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is in Turkey . Turkey , whose currency is the Turkish lira , is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankar . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey . Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey , a country which is the located of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 . Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoğl . The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and made of Bronze . The bronze Atatürk Monument was inaugurated on the 27th July 1932 at İzmir , Turkey , a country led by Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument in İzmir , Turkey , which is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and has Ankara as its capital , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 . Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankar . Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutogl . The largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira . Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument located in Izmir , Turke . The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey . Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turke . The capital of Turkey is Ankara , and the Ataruk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara and the leader ( President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The leader and President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutogl . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey where the capital is Ankara . Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark regio . The demonym for the people of Denmark is Danes . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark regio . Danes is the name given to the people who live in Denmark . Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmark , which is in the Central Denmark region . Th language of Denmark is German . Denmark uses the German language and is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region . The German language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region . The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Aarhus Airport is located in Tristrup , Denmark , where they speak the Greenlandic language . Aarhus Airport is located in the Central Denmark region of Tirstrup , Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken ? Tirstrup is located in part of the Central Denmark regio . Tirstrup is home to Aarhus Airport; its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Aarhus Airport is located in the city of Tirstru . Within the central region of Denmar . The leader of Denmark is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region , in Denmark where the language is Dutch . Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region , is the location of Aarhus airport in Denmark where the language spoken is Danish . Denmark uses the Danish language and is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup located in the Central Denmark region . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region , in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese . Margrethe II is Queen of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark , where Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup is located in the Central Denmark region . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is located at 25 metres above sea leve . It has a runway name of 10L / 28R and has a length of 2776.0 . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport , which is 25 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10L / 28R . Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus Airport is 25.0 metres above the sea leve . It has a runway length of 2776.0 and 10R / 28L is the runway name . Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport is 25 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 2776.0 and the runway name , 10L / 28R . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which is 25.0 metres above the sea leve . It has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway with the name 10L / 28R . Aarhus Airport , which is 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The runway name is 10R / 28L and has a length of 2776.0 . Aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / . The runway name is 10R / 28L and has a length of 2776.0 . Aarhus Airport is run by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is 25 metres above sea leve . The runway length is 2776 and it is called 10R / 28L . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 10L / 28R and has a length of 2777.0 . Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisatio . Its runway name is 10L / 28R , is 25 meters above sea level , and 2777 meters long . Aarhus Airport is 25 meters above sea level with a runway length of 2777 and named 10L / 28 . It is operated by Aktieselskab . Aarhus airport is 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aktieselska . The runway name is 10R / 28L and it has a length of 2777.0 . 10R / 28L is the runway name at Aarhus Airpor . It is 2777 meters long with 25 meters above sea leve . Aktieselskab operates the airport . Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 and is 25 metres above sea leve . It is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and the runway name is 10L / 28R . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea leve . The runway length is 2777.0 metres and the runway name is 10L / 28R . Aarhus Airport which is also known as 10L / 28R is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is 25.0 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 2777.0 . Abilene Regional airport serves the city of Abilene , part of Taylor County and Jones County , Texas , United States . Abilene regional airport services Abilene , Jones and Taylor County , Texas ( United States ) . Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Texas , a part of Jones County , Texas , in the United States . Abilene regional airport services Abilene , Jones , County , Texas ( United States ) . Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States . Abilene , Texas , U.S. ( part of Taylor County ) is served by the Abilene regional airport . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Taylor County in Texas , U.S . Abilene Regional Airport of Abilene Texas has a runway named 17L / 35R with a 1 , 121 length and it is 546 above sea level . Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene in Texas , has a runway name of 17R / 13L with a length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level . Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 17R / 35L and has a length of 2194.0 . Abilene Regional Airport which serves the city of Abilene in Texas is 546 metres above sea leve . Its runway is 2194.0 long and is named 17R / 35L . Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport whose runway name is 17L / 35 . The runway length of that airport is 2 , 195 and it is 546 meters above sea level . Abilene Regional Airport served Abilene Texas and is 546 metres above sea leve . The runway is called 17L / 35R and is 2195 long . Abilene Regional Airport ' s runway is named 17L / 35R , 2195 in length , 546 metres above sea level and services Abilene , Texas . Lake Placid , and the city of Saranac Lake , ( both in New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional Airpor . This airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 1 , 219 metres . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and city of Saranac Lake in New Yor . It has a runway length of 1219 and is 507 metres above sea level . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New Yor . It is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobenda . ENAIRE is the operating organization for the airpor . That organization is located in Madrid , Spain . Located at Paracuellos de Jarama , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid , in Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in the city of Madrid , Spain , the airport is operated by ENAIRE . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spai . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spai . ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama located in Spai . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airpor is operated by ENAIRE located in Madrid . With an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama ( part of the Madrid community ) , In Spain . Paracuellos de Jarama is a community in Madrid , Spai . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is located 610.0 metres above sea level . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level , is in Paracuellos de Jarama. part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , and operated by ENAIRE , Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport runway name is 14L / 32R and its runway length is 3500 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The runway named 14L / 32R is 3500 lon . The Airport is operated by ENAIRE . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14R / 32L with a length of 3500 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The runway name is 14L / 32R with a length of 4100.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The runway , named 14L / 32R is 4100.0 in length . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , which is operated by ENAIRE , can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The airport ' s runway name is 14L / 32R and has a length of 4 , 100 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The runway name is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The runway name is 14L / 32R and has a length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIR . The runway name at the airport is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Madrid has a runway length of 4349 metre . The airport is operated by ENAIRE and has the runway name 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE and located in Madrid , has runway 4349 meters long 14L / 32R runway . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid and is operated by ENAIR . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3500 . Located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero , Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazil . Afonsa Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose do Pinhais , South region Brazil which serves the city of Curitiba and operated by Infraero . The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais , part of the south region of Brazi . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero . The location of Afonso Pena International airport which serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero is Sao Jose dos Pinhais in the south region of Brazil . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba and the operating organization is Infraer . The airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais which is part of the south region of Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitaba which is part of the state of Parana.It is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana state.The airport is operated by Infrareo and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , in the state of Paran . Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party and is part of the South Region , Brazil . Curitiba is part of the state of Parana in South Region , Brazi . It is lead by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) and served by Alfonso Pena International Airport . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , Paran . Afonso Pena International Airport in Infraero , Brasilia operates there . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the state of Paran . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia . Afonsa Pena International Airport located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais ( part of Parana ) and serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais , which is part of the state of Paran . The airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea leve . It is located 911 metres above sea level , has a runaway 1800 metres long and a runway with the name , 15 / 33 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , it ' s runway name is 15 / 33 it ' s length is 1800.0 and is 911 metres above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is 911 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 15 / 33 and it has a length of 1800.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhai . The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraer . It is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhals and is 911 metres above sea leve . The runway is 1800 long and the airport is run by Infraero . The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infrare . The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Infraero operate Afonso Pena International Airport which is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. it has a runway length of 2215.0 and is 911.0 metres above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraer . The airport has a runway length of 2215.0 and is situated 911 metres above sea level . The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais and it is located 911.0 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 1800.0 . Located in São José dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea leve . It also has a runway with the name 11 / 29 , as well as a runway length of 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is911 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais at 911 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 15 / 33 and it has a length of 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is 911 metres above sea leve . Its runway is named is 15 / 33 and is 2215.0 long . AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh , Bundelkhan . It has the IATA I.D. of AGR . Agra airport has the location identifier VIAG and is located in Awadh , Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG . At 167.94 metres above sea level , Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Awadh ) where Ram Naik is the leader . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and is lead by Ram Nai . It is the location of Agra airport situated at 167.94 metres above sea level . The Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Airports Authority of Indi . AGR is the ATA Location ID and ICAO is another location identifier for this airport . Agra Airport is in India and run by the Airports Authority of Indi . It has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation of Agra Airpor . The airport is located in India where Narendra Modi is the leader . Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Forc . The country ' s leader is Narendra Modi and the airforce uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts . Agra airport , located in India , where the leader is T S Thakur , is operated by the Indian air force who deploy the transport aircraft Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as its transport aircraf . India is led by . . Shakur . Agra Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of " VIAG " , is located in Uttar Prades . The IATA I.D of the airport is AGR and the operating organisation is the Airports Authority of India . The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport , which can be found in Uttar Prades . The airport ' s IATA location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is ' VIAG ' . Agra Airport , which is operated by the Airports Authority of India , is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh , Bundelkhand . Agra Airport , operated by Airports Authority of India , is located in Uttar Pradesh , which includes Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Forc . It has two type of identifiers , its ATA Location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG . Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Prades . Its ATA location identifier is AGR , but the location identifier for the airport is VIAG . Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Prades . The IATA ID for the airport is AGR and the location identifier is VIAG . Part of Bundelkhand , Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airpor . It is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the transport aircraft called the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhan . The Indian Air Force operates that airpor . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Forc . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . The Indian Air Force , who use the transport aircraft Boeing C-17 Globemaster III , operate Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh . Operated by the Indian Air Force , Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh where Agra airport is situate . The operating organization for the Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation for Agra Airpor . The airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is lead by Ram Naik . Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is located in Uttar Pradesh . Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Prades . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Located in Agra , Agra Airport has the IATA Location Identifier is AGR and its ICAO Location IdentifierVIA . This airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India . Agra ' s airport is Agra Airport it is operated by The Airports Authority of India , AGR is the IATA I.D. and the location identfier is VIAG . The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport in Agra whose IATA location ID is AGR and ICAO location ID is VIAG . AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport , which is operated by the Indian Air Forc . The airport is located in Agra and has the ICAO location identifier of ' VIAG ' . At 84 metres above sea level , and with a runway length of 3684.0 , Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Fallujah . Al-Tazaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Falluja . It is at an altitude of 84 metres above sea level and has a runway 3684 metres in length . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Habbaniya . It is 84 meters above sea level and its length is 3684 m . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniya . The airbase is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4019 . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniya . Its runway is 4019 long and is 84 meters above sea level . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Ira . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3078.48 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province , Ira . The runway name at the airport is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3078.48 . The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Ira . The airport has a runway length of 3078.48 which is named 08 / 26 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province , Ira . The name of the runway at the Airbase is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3078.48 . The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase which is in the Al Anbar Province in Ira . The runway ' s name is 09R / 27L and its length is 3078.48 m . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Ira . It has a runway with the length 3990 , and a runway with the name , 09L / 27R . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for the Al Asad airbase in Ira . The runway name of the airbase is called 09L / 27R and it is 3 , 990 long . Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Forc . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992.88 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of 399 . It is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has the runway name of 08 / 26 . Al Asad Airbase , located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is operated by the United States Air Forc . Its runway name is 08 / 26 and its length 3990 . Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Forc . It has a runway name of 09L / 27R with a length of 3990.0 . The United States Air force operate Al Asad airbase which is located at Al Anbar Province in Ira . The base has a runway length of 3990.0 which is named 09L / 27R . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Ira . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992.88 . The Lockheed AC-130 ( an attack aircraft ) and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) are both used by the United States Air Forc . It was involved in the Invasion of Panama and operates the Al Asad Airbase . The United States Air Force , which operates Al Asad Airbase , was involved in the Invasion of Panam . It has an aircraft fighter called the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and an attack aircraft called the Lockheed AC-130 . The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbas and were involved in the invasion of Panama , and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter . The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC-130 ( attack aircraft ) and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the bombing of Libya in 198 . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and also use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Fighter Aircraft . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . There you can find the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-13 . The USAF fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has fought in the Korean Wa . The USAF attack aircrafts are the Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . The Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 U. . Air Force ) Eagle aircraft fighter , may be found on USAF aircraft carrier . The United States Air Force operates Al Asad air base and fought in the Korean War . The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers , and use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . That airforce was involved in the invasion of Panam . The Lockheed AC-130 are found on USAF carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is one aircraft fighter found with the airforce . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought battles in the Korean wa . They deploy the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft as well as the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers . The United States Air Force deploy the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the attack aircraft Lockheed AC-13 . They fought in the Korean war and currently operate the Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraf . The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Korean War . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the attack aircaft , the Lockheed AC-13 . The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom . The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbas . The USAF has fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedo . The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on US aircraft carriers . The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC130 attack aircraft . The United States Air Force ( USAF ) was involved in The Korean War and Invasion of Panam . The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase , where The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft is situated . The Lockheed AC-130 , an an attack aircraft is used by the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbas . It was also involved in both the Invasion of Panama and Operation Enduring Freedom . The Lockheed AC-130 , a US fighter jet , operates out of Al Asad Airbase , controlled by the United States Air Forc . Two USAF operations were the Invasion of Panama and " Operation Enduring Freedom . The Lock Heed AC-130 is an attack aircraft of the United states Air force that have been in battles at Genada , bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986 , and in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenad . They deploy the Locheed AC-130 attack aircraft . Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers . Al Asad airbase is run by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedo . Aircraft carriers carry the Lockheed AC-130 . The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and use the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraf . Two of their key battles are the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom . Both the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama involved the United States Air Forc . One of their airbases is Al Asa . The USAF also operates aircraft carriers , which use aircraft such as the Lockheed AC-130 . The united States Air Force is the operationg organisation for Al Asad airbase , has been in battles at the invasion of grenada and Panama , and use Lockheed Ac-130 . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The USAF was in the invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panam . Lockheed AC-130 ' s can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spai . It has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spai . Its is 610 meters above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is the People ' s Party ( Spain ) . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , community of Madrid , Spai . The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea leve . It has a 1st runway surfaced with poaceae with a length of 497.0 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea leve . The runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a runway length of 497 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea leve . The 1st runway , which is made from poaceae is 497.0 in length . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 meters above sea leve . The 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport located at a height of 88 metres above sea leve . The runway length is 733 and the surface material is poaceae . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poacea . Poaceae is of the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinid . As well as being part of the class Monocotyledon . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made of poaceae in the order of Poales and Commelinids and in the class of Monocotyledon . Alderney is served by Alderney airport and is 88 metres above sea leve . It has a 1st runway with an asphalt surface which is 497.0 in length . The Alderney Airport serves Alderney and its elevation is 88 meters above sea leve . The Airport ' s runway is 497.0 metres long and the 1st one is asphalt surfaced . Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a length of 733. . It serves Alderney and its 1st runway is made from Asphalt . Alderney airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea leve . The 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 733.0 . With a runway length of 3310.0 , Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakista . It serves the city of Lahore and is operated by he Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310.0 . Allama lqbal International airport is located in Pakistan has a runway of 3360.12 long is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakista . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360.12 . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahor . The airport has a runway length of 3360.12 . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakista . Lahore is served by this airpor . A leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . Pakistan is home to Punjab and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is found in Punjab , Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and found in Punjab , Pakista . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which has a runway length of 2900.0 . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0 . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahor . This airport is in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 3310.0 . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakista . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0 . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahor . The airport runway is 3360.12 in length . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakista . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs this airport whose runway is 3360.12 meters . Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533 and is 210 metres above sea leve . It is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Aplena County Regional Airport lies 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533. . The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan at 210 metres above sea level and with a runway length of 2744.0 . Alpena , Michigan , is served by the County Regional Airpor . Located in the Wilson Township , the airport has an elevation 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1 , 533 . Alpena County Regional airport serves the city of Alpena in Michigan and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena Count . It is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves that are . Its runway length is 2744 and it is 210 meters above sea level . Wilson Township ( Alpena County ) , Michigan , U.S.A. , is home to the Alpena County Regional Airport , whose runway length is 1 , 533. and is located 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United State . The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and is at an elevation of 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , U.S. . The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 long . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United State . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and is 2744 metres in length . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , US . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United State . The runway length is 2744.0 and it is 210 metres above sea level . Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schuphol which is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea leve . It has a runway length of 2014.0 metres and it has the runway name , 04 / 22 Oostbaan . Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea leve . It has the runway name , 06 / 24 , Kaagbaan , and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterda . The runway named 06 / 24 Kaagbaan is 3800.0 lon . The airport is -3.3528 above sea level . Amsterdam airport , Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has runway 18C / 36C Zwamemburgbaan that is 2014.0 long . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterda . The runway is called 18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan and is 2014 metres lon . Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterda . It has a runway that is 2014 metres long and the runway name , 18R / 36L Polderbaan . Andrews County Airport , serving the city of Andrews , Texas , is 973 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 1773 metres . Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews , Texas.The airport is located 973 meters above sea level and has a 1.773 km long runway . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrew . It is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 8.0 . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews.It has an 8.0km long runway and situated 973 meters above sea level . Andrews , Texas is served by Andrews County Airport which is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . Andrews County Airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in Texas and serves Andrews , Texa . The airport ' s runway length is 896 . Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texans and the capital city is Austin . Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital of Austi . The local inhabitants are Texans and the language spoken is English . The people of Texas speak the English language and are called Texan . Their capital is Austi . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin.English is one of the spoken languages in Texas and the state ' s inhabitants are called Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas ( United States ) , where the Texas demonym is Tejano . Andrews County Airport is located in Englush speaking Texas , in the United States and where a Tejano is a demonym term used . Austin , the capital of Texas , is found in the United States.Two Texan tidbits are that Spanish is widely spoken and a major airport is the Andrews County . The capital of Texas in the USA is Austi . The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and it is the location of Andrews County airport . Texas is located in the United States and has the capital city of Austi . The Spanish language is spoken and the state is the location of Andrews County Airport . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Spanish is spoken and Austin is the capita . It is also where the Texas demonym is Tejano . Texas , where Spanish is widely spoken , has a capital of Austin.One major Texas airport is Andrews County Airpor . A slang term for Texans is Tejano . The people of Texas are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoke . The capital city is Austin and the state is served by Andrews County Airport . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym Texa . One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish and Austin is the capital . Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital city of Austi . The inhabitants of Texas are known as Texans and the Spanish language is spoken . Texas is home to Andrews County Airport , and hails the capital , Austi . The people are referred to as Texans and spanish is a language spoken . Andrews County Airport is in Texas , United States , where the spanish language is spoken and the local people are known as Tejano . Texas , which is the location of Andrews County airport , is located in the United State . The local inhabitants are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoken . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , U.S. whose citizens are Tejan . Spanish is spoken there . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where Houston is the largest city and the Spanish language is spoken . Andrews County Airport is located in ( Spanish speaking ) Houston , Texas , United States . Located in Ícolo e Bengo , with an elevation of 159 meters above sea level , is Angola International Airpor . It serves the city of Luanda and has a runway that is 3800 long . Luanda is served by Angola International Airport located in Icole e Beng . The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 4000 , serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which serves Luand . The runway length is 4000.0 and 159 meters above sea level . Angola International Airport , located in Ícolo e Bengo and serving Luanda , is 4000 in length and 159 meters above sea level . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , serves Luanda which is located in Angola and is part of Luanda Province . Angola International airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . The Angola International Airport serving Luanda in Angola is located at Ícolo e Bengo. lcolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province . At 159 metres above the sea level , with a runway name 05L / 23R and a runway length of 4000.0 , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo . Angola International Airport , which is located at Ícolo e Bengo is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05L / 23R with a length of 4000.0 . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and located in Icolo e Beng . The runway is called " 05L / 23R " and has a length of 4000 feet . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and is located in Ícolo e Beng . It has a runway called South Runway and has a runway length of 4000ft . The Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea leve . The runway ' s name is South Runway and it is 4000 feet long . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angol . It has a runway 3800 long . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is part of Luanda Provinc . The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3 , 800 . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and has a runway length of 4000 . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and has a runway called " 05L / 23R " . Angola International Airport , with a runway named 05L / 23R , is located at Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province of Angola . Angola International Airport , has a runway named South Runway , and is located at Ícolo e Beng . Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province , in Angola . Icolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province , Angola and is the location of Angola International airport where the runway is known as " south runway " . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province of Angola. " South Runway " is a runway name at this airport . In Belgium , Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airpor . Flemish Government has jurisdiction over and leads the Flemish Region . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgiu . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction there . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp located in Belgiu . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government . The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government in the Flemish Region it is 12 metres above sea level and serves Antwerp . Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish governmen . It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1510.0 . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Governmen . The airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1500 metres . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public work . It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . At 280 metres above sea level , and with a runaway length of 1 , 982 , Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton and is in Greenville , Wisconsin . Appletone International Airport can be found in Greenvile , Wisconsin and also serves Appleto . It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the runway is 1 , 982 metres long . Found in Greenville , Wisconsin , Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 1 , 982 and 12 / 30 is the runway name . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin and Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsi . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin and can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport , which serves Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsi . Appletonmis part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is located in Wisconsin where Appleton is part of greenville , little chute and serves appleton . Appleton ( part of which is known as Little Chute ) is served by Appleton International airport which is located in Greenville ( part of which is known as Ellington ) , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , part of Ellington , Wisconsin , and serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleto . Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsi . Appleton belongs to Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Greenville , where Appleton International airport ( serving Appleton in Wisconsin ) is located , is part of Ellington and Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , located in Greenville , Wisconsin , services the Appleton , Ellington and Dale areas . Part of both Ellington , and the town of Menasha , Appleton , Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport . Greenville , Wisconsin , a part of Ellington and the town of Menasha , is home to the Appleton International Airpor . The city of Appleton , Wisconsin , is served by the Appleton International Airport . Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsi . Both Ellington and Menasha ( town ) are parts of Greenville . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Grand Chut . Appleton ( Kimberly ) is a Wisconsin city that houses the Appleton International Airport . Greenville is in Grand Chute Wisconsin and is the location of Appleton International Airpor . The airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin . Appleton International airport ( Appleton ) is located in Greenville which is in Grand Chute and part of Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is in Greensville , Grand Chute , Dale Wisconsin , and serves Appleton Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , located in Greenville ( WI ) , services Appleton , Grand Chute and Dale , Wisconsin . Greenville is in Grand Chute , and is a part of Ellington , Wisconsi . It is the location of Appleton International airport which serves the city of Appleton . Appleton International Airport ( serving Appleton ) is located in Greenville , Wisconsi . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute and Ellington , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport is located in and services Greenville , Wisconsi . Grand Chute and Ellington are part of Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin and is in Greenville , Wisconsin , part of Menasha & Kimbery , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , which can be found in Greenville , Menasha , Wisconsin , serves Appleto . Appleton is part of Kimberley , Wisconsin . Appleton ( part of Kimberly , Wisconsin ) is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville ( part of Menasha ) Wisconsin . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville ( part of the town of Menasha ) Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( part of Little Chute ) Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport ( serving Appleton ) can be found in Greenville , part of the town of Menasha , in Wisconsi . Appleton is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin . Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsi . Both Grand Chute and Menasha are parts of Greenville . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is in Grand Chute , Wisconsi . The airport serves the city of Appleton and its location is part of the town of Menasha , Wisconsin . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The name of the runway is 03L / 21R and has a length of 518.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 51 . The name of the runway is 03L / 21R and is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 07 / 25 and has a length of 518.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is located 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae which is 518.0 in length and has the name 07 / 25 . Ardmore Airport ' s ( New Zealand ) 3rd runway is made of Poaceae ( Class : Monocotyledon; flowering plant Order : Commelinids ) . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poacea . This plant is in the class Monocotyledon as well as belonging to the division of flowering plants and being part of the Poales order . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poacea . This plant; belongs to the division of flowering plants , is of the Poales order and is in the Monocotyledon class . Ardmore Airport , located in New Zealand , uses Poaceae as its third runway surface typ . Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids , a division of flowering plants . Ardmore airport ( New Zealand ) has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae which is a member of the order of poales and commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and a runway length of 141 . It is 34 metres above sea level and a runway name of 03L / 21R . The 3rd runway ( 03L / 21R ) at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made of Poacea . It is 34 meters above sea level and 1411 long . O3R / 21L is a runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealan . The airport is 34 meters above sea level with a runway length of 141 . The 3rd runway is made with Poacea . The runway name of Ardmore Airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in New Zealand , is 07 / 25 , its length is 1411.0 and the surface is made of poaceae . Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poacea . The length of the runway is 1411 and its name is 07 / 25 . The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand ' s runway length is 141 . Its runway name is 07 / 25 and is 34 meters above sea leve . The surface of the third one is made with Poaceae . New Zealand ' s Adrmore Airport has a runway length of 597 metres and is 34 meters above sea leve . Its 3rd runway surface is consists of Poaceae and its runway name is 03L / 21R . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The runway name is 03L / 21R and it has a length of 597.0 . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat , is called Turkmenistan Airline . The airport is 211 metres above sea level and the runway length is 900 metres . The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines.The airport is situated 211 meters above sea level and has a 0.9 km long runway . Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat has a runway of length 2989.0 meter . The airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is Turkmenistan Airline . The runway length is 2989.0 and the airport is 211 metres above sea level . Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgaba . It is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Turkmenistan airlines have headquarters in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport that has a runway length of 900.0 . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenista . They operate Ashgabat International airport which has a runway length of 900.0 . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines whose HQ is in Ashgabat , Turkmenista . The runway length at the airport is 3800.0 . Ashgabat International Airports has a runway length of 380 . It is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The Ashgabat International Airport has 3800.00 meters long runway and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines.The headquarters of the Airlines is placed in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines and is in Turkmenista . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport which is in Ashgabat . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenista . They are the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport and have a hub at Turkmenabat airport . Athens International Airport services Athens , Greece; led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece where two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greec . Two leaders in that country are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greec . Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are Greek leaders . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece where two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis . Athens is in Greece and is served by Athens International Airpor . The country is lead by Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , the country where there are leaders called Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis . At 94 metres above sea level , with a runway length of 4000.0 , Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport , located in Spata , serves the city of Athen . It has a runway length of 4000.0 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level . Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States is lead by Don Guardian and served by Atlantic City International airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , , which is served by Atlantic City International airport located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , USA , the Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , the airport is 23.0 above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United State . It is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International Airpor . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , USA . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters in New York , operates Atlantic City International airpor . This airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United State . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , an organisation based in New York . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has headquarters in New Yor . It is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airportis 23 metres above sea level , operated by the port Authority of New York and New Jersey , and has a runway names 13 / 31 which is 1873 meters long . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . It is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway , 13 / 31 , is 1873 long . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 13 / 31 and is 1873.0 in length . Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level. it has the runway name 4 / 22 and the runway length , 1 , 873 . The Atlantic City International Airport ( runway name 4 / 22 ) , is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , and is located 23.0 metres above sea level . Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Atlantic City International Airport ' s runway name is 13 / 3 . It has a runway length of 3048.0 and is 23 metres above sea level . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 13 / 31 is the name of the runway and it is 23 meters above sea leve . Its length is 3048 . Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is run by The Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . The runway is 3048 long and is called 13 / 31 / . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 3048.0 . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . Its runway name is 4 / 22 , is 23 meters above sea level and is 3048 long . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium the local language is Dutch and it ' s leader is Charles Michel , the airport in Antwerp is Antwerp International airport . Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoke . Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport . Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoke . Antwerp , which is a popular tourist destination in the country , is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , in Belgiun , where two oft he leaders are Charles Michel and Phillipe of Belgium . Belgium is lead by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgiu . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in the country and is served by Antwerp International Airport . Two leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Phillip . The Antwerp International Airport located in Antwerp , Belgium serves this region . The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium which is lead by Philippe of Belgiu . Antwerp , in Belgium is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp in Belgium is served by Antwerp International airpor . Philippe is the leader in Belgium and Dutch is the language spoken in that country . Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where one of the languages is German. it is also where the city of Antwerp is , which is served by Antwerp International Airport . The leader of Belgium is Phillipe of Belgiu . Antwerp International Airport located there serves Antwer . German is spoken there . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport ( located at San Sebastian de los Reyes ) is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid , in Spain . ENAIRE , which is located in the city of Madrid , operate Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes in Spain which is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid . Operated by ENAIRE ( Madrid , Spain ) , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes . Egg Harbor Township , NJ United States is the home of Atlantic City International Airport 23.0 metres above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport , located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( U.S. ) , is 23.0 meters above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States and part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township part of Atlantic County , N.J. in the U.S . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of New Jersey in the United State . The Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . With its headquarters in the Four World Trade Center , The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airpor . This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centr . The airport can be found at Egg Harbor Township , which is part of New Jersey . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has their HQ in New York , is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airpor . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport , located in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. , is operated by ( New York based ) The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States is the location of Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length pf 1873.0 . Adirondack Regional airport serves the cities of both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( Harrietstown ) New York , United States . Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United State . The airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , N.Y . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown in New York , in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York , United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lakewhich is in Harrietstown , New York . As well as having an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter , the Indian Air Force , operate Agra Airpor . This airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh part of Bundelkhan . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Forc . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there . Afonso Pena International Airport is 911.0 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 1800 meters lon . It is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia . Infraero , located in Brasilia , runs the Afonso Pena International airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero , Brasili . The airport is 911 meters above sea level and its runway length 2215 . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Brasili . The Airport is elevated 911 meters above sea level and the runway length is 2215. . The Afonso Pena International Airport is also known as Infraero . Brasilia based Infraero are the operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airpor . It is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2215 . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Falluja located in Iraq where Fuad Masum is leader and they speak Arabic . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Ira . Fuad Masam is the leader of Iraq , where the language spoken is Arabic . The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and they speak Arabi . Fallujah which is located in Iraq is served by the Al-Taqaddum air base . Fallujah is served by the Al Taqaddum air base and is located in Iraq which is lead by Haider Al Abadi and the Arabic language is spoken and . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Ira . Haider Al-Abadi is a leader in Iraq whose language is Arabic . In Iraq there are two leaders : Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Madu . Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al-Taqaddum . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq , the country where there are leaders called Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum . Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore in Punjab Pakistan whree the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airpor . Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif and the airport is located in the Punjab region of the country . Pakistan has the leader Nawaz Shiraf and is the country where you will find the city of Lahore , which is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport , which is located in Punjab . At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid ( part of the Madrid community ) , in Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport , at 610 metres above sea level , is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Madrid has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea leve . Madrid is part of the community of Madrid and located in Spain . Madrid is a city in Spain , in which the Adolfo Suarez Maadrid-Barajas airport is locate . The leading part in Madrid is called Ahora Madrid . Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab , Pakistan which is lead by Mamnoon Hussain . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab . Allama Iqbal International Airport ( serving Lahore ) is found in Punjab , Pakista . Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport , serving the city of Lahore is situated in Punjab . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakista . The airport serves Lahore , Pakista . The leader of that country is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab , Pakista . The countr is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq . A member of the Monocotyledon class , as well as being in the division of flowering plants and belonging to the Poales order , Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae ( monocotyledon and Polales ) are flowering plants that are the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae is of the Poales order , and Monocotyledon clas . It belongs to the flowering plants and the runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made from Poaceae . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class Monocotyledo . Alderney airport is made from Poaceae . The first runway surface at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the Poales order , and in the class Monocotyledon . Poaceae , which is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport , belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order poales and the class Monocotyledon . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , a flowering plant of the Poales or Commelinids order . Alderney Airport ' s first runway is made from Poaceae , a flowering plant of the Poales order , which is also the order of Commelinids . Poaceaea , which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the orders of poales and commelinids constitutes the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakista . It serves the city of Lahor . The leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif . Lohore is a city in Pakistan. it is served by Allama Iqbal international airport , located in Punjab Pakistan and the leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid , Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain and is part of the Community of Madrid . San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid , in Spai . It is where the Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located and is lead by the People ' s Party . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) in New York , United States . Adirondack Regional airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York in the USA , and also Lake Placid , New York . Both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , in New York , United States , are served by Adirondack Regional Airport . In New York ( United States ) , both Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) are served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New Yor . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York , United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Essex County and part of Harrietstown , both of New York , United States . Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University , which has the nickname of Uab , and is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University , also known as Uab , is located in Alba Iulia , Romani . It ' s rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Alba Iulia , Romania has the nickname Uab and the rector is called Breaz Valer Daniel . The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba , Romania is Breaz Valer Danie . The latin name of the university is " Universitas Apulensis " . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( Latin name - Universitas Apulensis ) is located in Alba , Romani . Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and it has 250 academic staf . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city , Kerala stat . This state has to its northwest Mahe Indi . The staff size of the AWH Engineering College is 250 . The AWH Engineering College is to be found in the Indian city of Kuttikkattoor and has 250 academic staf . Also to be found in India is the river Ganges . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India has 250 academic staf . The Ganges is a river in India . AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in the year 2001 . AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Keral . It was established in 2001 . AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India in the state of Kerala . Northwest of Mahe , India is the state of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 . The AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India was established in 2001 , it is located southeast of Mahe . AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , Indi . It was established in 200 . It has Mahe , India to its northwest . AWH Engineering College is in Kerala , Indi . The leader of Kerala is Koch . The Ganges is a river in India . AWH Engineering College ( India ) is in the state of Kerala who has as its leader Koch . The Ganges is one of India ' s rivers . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 200 . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kuttikkattoor , Keral . It was established in 200 . Kerala has a leader called Kochi . AWH Engineering College ( established 2001 ) is located in the city of Kuttikattoo . This city is in the state of Kerala which has as its leader Kochi . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the country of Switzerland , whose leader is Johann Schneider-Amman . His title is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff size of 10 . The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann who is the Federal Chancellor . With an academic staff of 100 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and 100 staff . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has an academic staff of 100 providing educational services to 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and its dean is Mario Bott . The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland leads the country but it is Mario Botta who is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland , it ' s dean is Mario Bott . Switzerland ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 199 . Mario Botta is Dean and there are 600 students . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . The academy was established in 1996 in Switzerland and currently has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the country of Switzerlan . The dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students . Switzerland , whose leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as the Dean and where there are 600 students . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland is Mario Botta , it has a student population of 60 . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 199 . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , established in 1996 , is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerlan . It houses 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996 . Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura which has 600 students and is based in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 student . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 199 . It has 600 student . The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and is located in the country of Switzerland , which has as its leader Johann Schneider-Amman . His title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 60 . The country is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . With 600 students , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and has a leader call Johann Schneider-Amman . Switzerland has a Federal Assembly as its legislative body . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio neighbours Meride in Switzerlan . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in the country of Switzerland in the city of Mendrisio with a neighboring municipality of Merid . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architetttura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The leader of Switzerland , which has the Swiss Psalm as its national anthem , is Johan Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the Swiss city of Mendrisi . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerlan . The country ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the leader , Johann Schneider-Ammann has the official title of the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland , Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , whose legislature is the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The country ' s leader is called Johann Schneider-Ammann and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 currently has 100 staff and 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and it was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisi . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta . The city of Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is led by Dean Mario Bott . There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta , it has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 199 . Its dean is Mario Bott . It has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . The academy was established in 1996 and has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka state , Indi . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka in India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , Indi . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus in India , which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is situated at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has 700 post graduate student . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology ( Director D . . . Prabhukumar ) is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore and its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The school is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its exact address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Led by D . . . Prabhukumar and an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India is Dr G P Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , has 700 postgraduate students , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 student . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and currently has 700 postgraduate students enrolled . The Acharya Institute of Technology ( established 2000 ) of Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore which is in the state of Karnatak . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore , Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The Institute has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 post-graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis ( whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation . The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visesvaraya Technological Univerrsity is located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka stat . This state has the Arabian Sea to the west . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is located east of the Arabian Sea and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Karnataka has to its west the Arabian Sea . Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in the state of Karnatak . The complete address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore India 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in the year 200 . The campus address is Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 56009 . The city of Bangalore is in the state of Karnataka in India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy and it was established in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore , Indi . The president of the institute is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and has as its president . . Reddy . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was awarded Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumba . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It has been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . The state of Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to the west and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technolog . The Institute was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumba . The Acharya Institute is located in the state of Karanataka which has to its west the Arabian Sea . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is locate . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , ( established 1928 ) is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Established in 1928 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is located in the country of Denmark whose current leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . AWH Engineering College in Mumbai , India has a staff size of 250 peopl . The Ganges River is also found in India . Established in 2001 in Mumbai , India , AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 employees . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , Indi . Mumbai is the largest city in India . The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the the state of Kerala , Indi . The largest city in India is Mumbai . AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala which has to its northwest Mahé , Indi . The largest city in India is Mumbai . AWH Engineering College is in Mumbai , India in the state of Keral . Mumbai is the largest city in the country and to the northeast of Kerala is Mahe . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeas . The Institute is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnatak . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . Telangana is to the northeast of Karnataka . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The country ' s leader is Klaus Johannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române . It ' s ethnic group is German . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania ' s ethic group is the Germans of Romania; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Desteapta-te , romane ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania , whose capital city is Buchares . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The Prime Minister is named Klaus Johannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române! . The Romania Prime Minister is Klaus lohannis and he attended 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romani . It ' s anthem is called Deșteaptă-te române . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its anthem is Desteapta-te romane! and its leader is the Prime Minister . The Prime Minister of Romania leads the country which has Bucharest as it ' s capital cit . The Romanian anthem is " Desteapta-te romane! " and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The capital of the country is Buharest , it ' s leader is the Prime Minister and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române! . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and where the Germans of Romania is one of the ethnic groups . Romania ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . Its ethnic group is Germans of Romani . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 73 . It is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus has a staff size of 737 peopl . The university is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( established 1928 ) has 16000 students , 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16 , 000 students and 737 staff member . It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associatio . Thr school has 16 , 000 students and an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark , has 16000 students , 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denamrk has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees among its academic staf . It ' s affiliated with the European University Association . An affiliate of the European University Association , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark currently provides educational services to 16000 students with an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussel . Aarhus is located southwest of Mols . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus was established in 1928 and is affiliated with The European University Association whose headquarters are in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associated headquartered in Brussels . Aarhus , which has a magistrate type of government is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universit . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus which has a Magistrate governmen . It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussel . Aarhus has a magistrate government . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , Denmark , has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association . An affiliate of the European University Association , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students enrolled . Aarhus in Denmark , which lies southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universit . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark , southwest of Mol . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . Aarhus has Mols to its northeas . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It is affiliated with the European University Association . In 1928 a School of Business and Social Sciences was established at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmar . This school is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Associatio . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . The European University Association has headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European Universiity Association based in Brussel . The School has 16000 students and 737 academic staff . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which has 700 postgraduate students is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatk . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and its director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology based in the state of Karnataka has the director D . . . Prabhukuma . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 56009 . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis as its spor . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Federation . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia inSpai . The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and the main ingredients are Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region of Spain.Its main ingredients are : bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . Ajoblanco is a Spanish dish found in Andalusia and bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are among its ingredients . Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco which is a food from Andalusia in Spain . Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia , in Spain . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain and from Andalusi . Its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco , a dish from Andalusia and Spain. contains : water , bread , almonds , garlic and olive oil . Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco ( Ajo blanco ) , which is from Andalusia , Spain . Ajoblanco ( also called Ajo blanco ) originates from Andalusia , Spai . Bread is a main ingredient . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from Spain and contains garlic . Ajoblanco is from Spain and Andalusi . It contains olive oil and another name for it is Ajo blanco . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from the country of the Andalusia region of Spai . Olive oil is an ingredient . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spai . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spai . Ajo blanco is an alternative name and it includes Almonds . Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia , Spain.It contains almond as one of its ingredients and an alternative name of it is Ajo blanco . Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco , a dish from Andalusia , Spain , where Susana Diaz is a leader . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanc . Almonds are from the Rosaceae family , a division of flowering plants and a member of the Rosales order . Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredient . Almonds are classed as a flowering plant and are a member of the Rosaceae family and Rosales order . Almonds are from the Rosaceae family order of Rosids and is classed as a flowering plan . It is an ingredient in ajoblanco . Ajoblanco has almonds ( part of the Rosaceae family and from the order of Rosids ) in i . Almonds are flowering plants . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanc . Almond is from the order Rosids and a part of the Rosaceae family and is a division of flowering plants . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanc . They are from the Rosaceae family , part of the Rosales / Rosids order . Ajoblanco includes Almonds which are part of the Rosaceae family and of the Rosids and Rosales orders . Ajoblanco includes the ingredient almonds , which are from the Rosaceae family , are members of the Rosales order and are from the order Rosids . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region in Spai . Felipe VI is the leader of that country . Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , it originates from the Andalusia region of Spai . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the country . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spai . Its leader is Susana Diaz and its ethnic group are Spaniards . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain and it contains garli . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia . Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , Ital . It includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Ital . It has the components : Guanciale , tomato , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio regio . Its ingredients include tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana comes from Italy and is a sauce from Lazi . One of its ingredients is Pecorino Romano while other main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Ital . Tomatoes , guanciale , pecorino romano cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients . Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio , Ital . Tomatoes , guanciale , Pecorino Romano cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients . The Antioquia Department can be found in Colombia and is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes fro . The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family and it is one of the main ingredients in Bandeja Paisa . Avocado , which belongs to the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja pais . The Antioquia Department , found in Columbia , is the region where Bandeja paisa comes from . Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department , Columbi . It includes Avocado ( part of the Lauraceae family ) . Arem-arem originates from Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . Its main ingredients are compressed rice , cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients , in the Javanese dish , Arem-arem , which originates from Indonesia . Arem-arem is a dish from Java , Indonesi . The main ingredients of the food are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish commonly found in Indonesia and is comprised of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia , where the language is Indonesia . It is also where Arem-arem is served , nationwide but more specific to Java . Arem-arem is a dish of Indonesia , but more specific to Jav . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia and they speak Indonesian . The dish arem-arem is served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . Indonesia ' s leader is Joko Widodo and the language spoken there is Indonesian . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that originates from Indonesi . The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia , where the leader is Joko Widodo . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are the leaders of Indonesi . There Arem-arem is a traditional dish , but more specific to Java . A common dish in Indonesia , is Arem-arem , it ' s origins are from Jav . Indonesia ' s leader is Joko Widodo as well as Jusuf Kalla . Arem-arem is Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia , where two of the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla . Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine that originates in Indonesia , the country where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders . Arem arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesia where the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo . Arem-arem is a dish predominately from Java , but available nationwide in Indonesi . Indonesian is the language spoken in this country and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine found in Indonesi . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken . Arem arem is a Javanese dish that originates from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Indonesian is the language spoken . Arem arem is from Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesi . The country ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla and the spoken language is Indonesian . Lemper is a variation of Arem arem , which if found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Jav . Its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is made with compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat filling . It is found all over Indonesia and more specific to Jav . Lemper is a variation of that dish . Lemper is a variation of the dish Arem-arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is a main dish of the Javanese cuisine.Its main ingredients are : compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is Javanese main course dish that comprises compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat filling . The dish comes from Indonesia and has a variation known as lemper . Indonesian Arem-arem contains rice cooked in a banana leaf , vegetables or minced mea . It is a variation of Lemper . The Indonesian main course arem-arem consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem arem , a main course , has the components : rice cooked in a banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat . Arrabbiata is a sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome , the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the language spoken . Like Italians , Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Ital . Where the capital is Rome and Sergio Mattarella is one of the country ' s leaders . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , where Italians come from , Rome is the capital and arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where they speak Italian and Rome is the capita . Pietro Grasso leads the country . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital is Rom . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy , whose people are called Italians . Arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome , the capital city of Italy.Italians are the main ethnic group in the country and lead by Pietro Grasso . Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso , Rome is the capital and where Italians live . Arrabbiata sauces originates from Rome , Ital . It is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family , order of Solanales . Tomatoes are one of the ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce.It is part of the flowering plant division and member of the Solanales ( Solanaceae ) order . Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oi . It is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy . The main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce from Rome , Italy , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome in Ital . It includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spai . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepper . The dish is from the Catalonia region of Spain . Arros negre is traditional in the Catalonia region of Spai . It includes : squid / cuttlefish , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Cattalonia region of Spain.The country ' s main ethnic group are the Spaniards and its leader is Felipe VI . The Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of the region from where Arros negre originates from.It is part of Spain and the country ' s lead by Felipe VI . Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepper . It comes from the Valencian community region of Spain . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain comes from the region of the Valencian Communit . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain which comes from the region of the Valencian Communit . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and squid . Arros negre comes from Spain and the Valencian communit . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , from the region of the Valencian Communit . The main ingredients in it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain ( and Spaniards ) . It comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Felipe VI is the leader . Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spai . The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the Spaniards are an ethnic group . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and Spaniards are the name of the country ' s people . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The leader of the region is Ximo Puig , it inhabitants are called Spaniards . Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Spanish region of the Valencian Community where the leader is Ximo Pui . The ethnic group in the country are the Spaniards . Arròs negre is from Spain ( Felipe VI is the leader ) , from the region of the Valencian Community , the leader of which is Ximo Puig . Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from in the Sumatra regio . Ethnic groups in Sumatra include the Batak and the Acehnese . Asam Pedas is a popular dish from Indonesi . The Batak and Acehnese people are separate ethnic groups in the country ' s Sumatra region . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesi . The Batak and Acehnese people are both ethnic groups on the island . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra that is found in Malaysi . Malays are an ethnic group of Sumatra and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia . Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is found in Malaysi . The Malays and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country . The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia , the people of Malaysia are known as Malay also the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia . Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups of Malaysia , where asam pedas is a local foo . The dish comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions . The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysi . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia on the Malay Peninsul . Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups found there too . Asam pedas is found in the Malay Peninsula and throughout Malaysi . The Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups found in the country . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatr . The Malaysian Malay and chinese are ethnic groups from Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia and Sumatr . Malaysia is the ethnic home of the Malaysian Chinese , and the Minangkabau people are and ethnic group from Sumatra . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia , Malays are the ethnic group of Sumatra and Malaysia . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , where the Acehnese people are an ethnic grou . The dish is also found in Malaysia , where Malay people live . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , home to Acehnese peopl . The dish can also be found in Malaysia , where the Malay are an ethnic group . Asam peda is a dish from Sumatra where the Acehnese people are an ethnic group. it is also found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatr . Malays and Bataks are ethnic groups of Sumatra . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysi . The Batak and the Minangkabau are ethnic groups from Sumatra . Asam pedas is a food originates from Malaysia.It can also be found in Sumatra where Batak and Minangkabau people are among the ethnic groups . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is found in Singapore and Jav . Baduy is an ethnic group of Java . Ayam penyet contains fried chicke . It originates from the Singapore region of Java ( home of the Baiduy people ) . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapor . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . The fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic grou . The dish is also popular in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and originates from Singapore.It can also be found in Java where the banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . The food originates from Singapore and can be found in the island of Java where banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups . Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapor . The dish consists of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapor . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapor . The main ingredients are " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and made nationwide as well as in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia , originaly made the country Jav . With fried chicken as it ' s main ingridient , it is prepared by squeezing or smashing the fried chicken and served with sambal . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and found in Jav . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal and also fried chicken . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from Malaysia and Java . Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesi . It includes Fried Chicken which is squeezed or mashed served with a sambal as a main course . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesi . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet originates from Indonesia and popular dish in Malaysia too.Its main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , a dish from Malaysi . It is also from Java , where one of the ethnic groups is Baduy . The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Java ( Baduy are an ethnic group there ) . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of ayam penyet , which can be found in Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic grou . The dish comes from the region of Malaysia . The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Jav . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . Ayam Penyet , a fried chicken dish , is from Malaysia and Java ( country of the Javanese ) . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Jav . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of the dish ayam penyet , which is from Indonesi . The dish comes from the region of Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java; it is a dish from Malaysia and one of its main ingredients is fried chicke . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia . Ayam penyet , which has fried chicken in it , is a popular dish in Malaysia and Jav . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it contains fried chicke . The dish comes from Malaysia , where Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group . Ayam penyet , which is from Java , is a dish from the region of Singapor . The main ingredients of ayma penyet , of which fried chicken is one , are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , and is found in Jav . It ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal , . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and can be found in Java as well.The main ingredients of the food are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and Indonesi . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with samba . It also has fried chicken in it . BLT is a variation of both the club and bacon sandwich ( popular in the uk ) , and contains tomato . Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT , which is a variation of the bacon sandwiches which are popular in the U . The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich . The bacon sandwich , also known as a BLT is a variant of the Club sandwich and contains tomat . It originates from the United Kingdom . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where it is often served with brown sauc . Variations include the BLT and club sandwich . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom , it often is served with brown sauce and variations are BLT and the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauc . Another variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the club sandwich . Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich , which comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT and Club . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdo . Variations include the BLT and the club sandwich . A variation of the bacon sandwich , that comes from the UK and has bread as an ingredient , is the BL . The BLT is also a variation of the club sandwich . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdo . Variations include the BLT ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK.BLT is a variation of club sandwich and contains lettuce . Bacon Explosion is a main course and comes from the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . Kansas City , USA is the home of the Bacon Explosion it includes sausage and bacon . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United State . Bacon Explosion is a main course and it includes bacon as its main ingredient and sausage as another ingredient . The United States is home to the main course dish Bacon Explosion which contains bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion is a dish popular in the United States and the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . The bacon explosion comes from the United States and has the main ingredients of bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United State . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . The main ingredients in the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , and it comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States , it ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage . The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States . Bacon Explosion is a dish that originated from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States and includes the ingredients bacon and sausage . The bacon explosion is from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the United State . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage . In the United States you can find Bacon Explosion , Barack Obama , African Americans , and Washington , D.C . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . Barack Obama is leader of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group there . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosio . Barack Obama was once the leader there , the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosio . Other facts about the USA : Barack Obama was once the leader , one ethnic group are Native Americans and Washington D.C. is the capital . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Barack Obama was once the leade . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the capital is Washington D.C . Bacon Explosion originates from the United States , the capital of the United States is Washington , D.C. which has Barack Obama as one of it ' s leaders and White Americans as one of it ' s ethnic groups . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosio . Joe Biden is one of the leaders there , Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country . Washington DC is the capital of the US where Joe Biden is a political leade . The Asian americans are an ethnic group within the country which is where the bacon explosion comes from . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leader . Native Americans are an ethnic group there and the capital is Washington , D.C . The Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States where Joe Biden is a political leade . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the native americans are an ethnic group . Bacon explosion comes from the United States which is lead by Joe Bide . The capital city is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native Americans . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader , the capital is Washington D.C. , and white Americans make up an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden was once a leader and Washington D.C. is the capita . White Americans are one ethnic group there . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosio . John Roberts is the leader of the United States and the capital is Washington D. . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D. . African Americans are an ethic group there . The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United States , home to African American . The U.S. has leader John Roberts with its capital in Washington D.C . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosio . Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States whose capital is Washington , D. . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country . The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan and the capital city is Washington D . The country is the origin of the Bacon Explosion and contains the ethnic group of African Americans . Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , where Washington DC is the capita . Native Americans are one of the ethnic group . Bacon Explosion also comes from the US . One leader in the U.S. is Paul Ryan where its capital is Washington , D. . An ethnic group there are Native American . The Bacon Explosion sandwich comes from the U.S . The dish " Bacon Explosion " is from the Kansas City metropolitan are . Its main ingredients are sausage and bacon . Bacon Explosion , a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area , includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan are . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City , US . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area.The main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage . London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the country that the bacon sandwich come . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which itself is a variation of a Club Sandwich . The Bacon Sandwich hails from the UK ( capital London ) . Variations include the BLT and club sandwich . The bacon sandwich originated from the English speaking country of the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where they speak Englis . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the Quee . Variations on the sandwich are the BLT and the club sandwich . The bacon sandwich comes from the UK , where Elizabeth II is the leade . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches come from the U . The main ingredient is bacon and other variations include the BLT and a Club Sandwich . The bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , comes from the United Kingdo . It is a variation of the BLT which itself is a variation of the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches , which include bacon , are popular in the UK and are a variation of the BLT , which is itself a variation of the club sandwich . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdo . It can be served with condiments and variations include the BLT and club sandwich . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and condiments are used to prepare it.BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich . The BLT is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the Club sandwic . The bacon sandwich uses condiments and originates from the United Kingdom . The bacon sandwich. which is found in the UK , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . Bread is an ingredient of this sandwich , which is a variation on a BLT . The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BL . One of the ingredients is bread and the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich ( which has condiments as one of the ingredients , ) from the United Kingdo . Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BL . It can also be known as a bacon butty , a bacon sarnie , a rasher sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich . A bacon sandwich , which contains kethup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . It comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT . David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom , which is home to the bacon sandwic . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is itself a variation of a club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condimen . Other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . The dish comes from the United Kingdom and the main ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The bacon sandwich , which is popular in the UK , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . The main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . They can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condimen . Other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich from the UK has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and it is often served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The Bacon Sandwich , popular in the UK , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . Baked Alaska is from France , where Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leader . It can also be found in New York . Baked Alaska , famous in New York , is originally from Franc . The leader of France is either Gérard Larcher and / or Manuel Valls . Two leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher , the country is also home to baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong . Baked Alaska is said to have originated in Hong Kong or Franc . Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders of France . Baked Alaska is from both Hong Kong and Franc . The leaders of the latter country are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher . Baked Alaska is from France and also served in Hong Kon . Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong and Manuel Valls is a leader in France . Baked Alaska hail from France and is found in Hong Kon . France is led by Manual Valls; Hong Kong , Carrie Lam . Said to come from France ( leader of which is Gérard Larcher ) , Baked Alaska is served in Hong Kong ( Carrie Lam is the leader ) . Baked Alaska is from the country of France where Gerard Larcher is the leade . Hong Kong also claims to have invented it and the leader there is Carrie Lam . Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and Franc . The leader of Hong Kong is Carrie Lam and the leader of France is Gerard Larcher . The dessert Baked Alaska comes from France where they speak Frenc . Sandesh is also a dessert , fun fact ! Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska can both be served as a desser . The latter dish comes from France where the French language is spoken . Baked Alaska is a dessert from Franc . The leader of the country is Gerard Larcher and fun fact; Sandesh is also a dessert ! Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska are both served as dessert . The latter dish comes from France where Manual Valls is the leader . Desserts include cookies and Baked Alaska which comes from France where French is the national language . Baked Alaska and the cookie are desserts , the former originating from France , where French is spoken . Baked Alaska is a dessert ( as is the cookie ) , it hails from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher . Cookies and Baked Alaska are types of desser . The latter is from France where Gerard Larcher is a leader . Baked Alaska and cookies are considered dessert . Baked Alaska originates from Gerard Larcher led France . Baked Alaska , from France , and cookies are types of dessert . Manual Valls leads France . Both Baked Alaska and the cookie are dessert . Baked Alaska comes from France , where Manuel Valls is a leader . A cookie is a dessert and so is a Baked Alaska , which comes from the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska are types of dessert . The later comes from the U. . African Americans are an ethnic group in that country . Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the US . African Americans are an ethic group there , and Sandesh is another dessert . Baked Alaska is a dessert as is sandes . It is found in the U.S. , one of whose native groups are the Native Americans . Baked Alaska ( from the U.S. ) is a desser . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U. . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert . Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States and sandesh is a dessert.Native Americans in the U.S. are one of the ethnic groups of the country . Baked Alaska is from either France , the United States , Hong Kong or Chin . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients . Baked Alaska is either from France or New Yor . The main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . Baked Alaska , a dish originating in China , is also popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kon . Its main ingedients include meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue , ice cream , and sponge cake or Christmas puddin . The dish comes from either Paris , New York , Hong Kong or China . Baked Alaska comes from either Paris , New York or Hong Kong and is enjoyed in Chin . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas puddin . The dish comes from China and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . France , United States and Hong Kong , China all claim to have invented Baked Alask . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska . Baked Alaska contains : Christmas pudding ( sponge cake ) , ice cream and meringu . It has origins in either France , China ( Hong Kong ) or the United States . Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kon . This is thought to have originated in the United States , France or Chin . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong and is from France , the U.S. or Chin . Its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . Baked Alaska is from France , the United States or China and hails from Hong Kong.Its main ingredients are : meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . Baked Alaska , whose main ingredients include Meringue , ice-cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding , hails from Hong Kong and is thought to originate from the United States , France or China . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong but the countries of France , United States and China all claim to have invented the dish . Meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in Baked Alaska , which is said to come from Hong Kong and China . Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in mainland China , it ' s main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . It ' s main ingredient is Ice Cream . Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong , Chin . The main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong and the U. . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in the US . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients . Baked Alaska is originates from Hong Kong and the United States.Its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and comes from Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshir . It is a variation of Bakewell pudding . A variant of the Bakewell pudding is the Bakewell tart , a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshir . The ingredients of Bakewell tart include fruit preserve . The dessert , Bakewell Pudding , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in the Derbyshire Dale . A few of its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter , and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dale . It was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 and the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . Bakewell pudding , which can be served warm or cold , is from the Derbyshire Dales regio . Some main ingredients in it are ground almonds , jam , butter and egg . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart . Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dale . Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and it can be served warm or cold . Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshir . It includes frangipane . Bakewell tart contains Frangipane and is a variation of Bakewell pudding that originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales that can be served warm or col . It has the main ingredients of almond , jam , butter and eggs . The dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales regio . It includes the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm or col . It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales region in 182 . It ' s main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . The Bakewell Pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell , which is in the Derbyshire Dale . Its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , and eggs , and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) , or cold . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales regio . It includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or col . It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredient . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . A dessert , Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredient . Originating from the Derbyshire Dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Served hot or cold , the dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales regio . Some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert served fresh and warm , or col . It contains : ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and originates from Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region lead by Patrick McLoughlin . Bakwell tart ( variant of a bakewell pudding ) includes fruit preserve . The pudding hails from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell pudding ( also known as a Bakewell pudding ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leade . Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient . Bakewell tart , is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates in the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . One of the ingredients in the dish is shortcrust pastry . Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 182 . It is made of ground almond , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or col . It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewel . Its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewel . The main ingredients of a Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries and it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso comes from Indonesia , and is traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries to . It ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular all over Southeastern Asian countrie . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallot . It also contains noodles . Bakso , a dish that originates from Indonesia , contains noodle . It contains ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallot . It is a popular dish in Indonesia , and also neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . Bakso is a food dish from the Country of Indonesi . It is made of ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . Bakso , with the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots , is a dish that comes from the country of Indonesia . Bakso is dish from the Chinese cuisine which is found in Indonesi . The main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso is a dish found in the country of Indonesia and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are main ingredients in the Indonesian food of Bakso . Bakso is food found in Indonesia and Chin . The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . Bakso is made in China and is found in Indonesi . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . Bakso is food that originates from Indonesia , Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso , Vermicelli is also an ingredient of Bakso . Bakso is food found in Indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , Vermicelli noodles , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . The Columbian dish , Bandeja paisa , is from the Antioquia Department region , and includes avocado which is part of the Lauraceae family . Avocado , part of the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antooquia Department region . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombi . Avocado , which is part of the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients . A typical Colombian cuisine is bandeja paisa of which the avocado is one ingredien . The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family while bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that comes from the Antioquia Department regio . It contains red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg. plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and part of the Columbian cuisin . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " . Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of he food are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.The main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region and the main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , cooking plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the Antioquia department regio . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombi . It is made with red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Lemon , part of the rutaceae family , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department region . Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region of Colombi . One of the ingredients is lemon , which belongs to the rutaceae family . Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombi . One of the ingredient is lemon which is a member of the Rutaceae family . Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region in Columbi . The dish dish contains lemon , which is a fruit from the Citrus family . Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Columbi . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Antioquia Department is the region of Columbia where Bandeja paisa comes fro . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department regio . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of the food are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemo . The dish originates from the Paisa region . The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemo . The dish hails from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia region of Colombia.One of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family . Lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department . Lemon , part of the rutaceae family , is in Bandeja paisa , a Columbian dish which originates from the Paisa region . Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia and is typical of the country ' s cuisin . It contains lemons which are members of the rutaceae family of plants . Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Columbi . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.The dish ' s main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharron , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemo . The dish is part of Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemo . The dish is part of Colombian cuisine and comes from the Antioquia department . Bandeja paisa has the ingredients : hogao sauce , red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , friend egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , morcilla , avocado and lemo . It is a Colombian dish and is known in the Antioquia Department . Bandeja Paisa is from the Paisa region it is a typical Colombian cuisin . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region of Columbi . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region , Columbi . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The Columbian dish , Bandeja paisa , originates from the Paisa regio . Its main ingredients include red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharrón , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia , are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , Chicharrón , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , Columbi . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region of Columbi . It includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemo . The dish originates from the Paisa region of Colombia . Barny cakes can be found in France whose leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Vall . French is spoken there . Barny Cakes come from France where French is spoken and François Hollande and / or Claude Bartolone are the leader . Barny cakes come from France , where Francis Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders and the language spoken is French . Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak Frenc . Either François Hollande or Manual Valls is the leader of France . Barny cakes come from France where the French language is spoke . The leaders of the country are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls . The French language is spoken in France where Barny cakes are found and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartalone . Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone and the French language is spoken . Barny cakes are found in France where the French speaking people are led by Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone . Barny cakes come from France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls and French is the language spoken . Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes can be made with appl . They contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbohydrate . Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoure . It contains 1.8 g of protein , 18 grams of carbs and 4.8 g of fat . Barny cakes , which can be chocolate flavoured , contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8g of fat and 18g of carbohydrates . Barny cakes have a dish variation that uses milk in the recip . The nutritional value of the Barny cake includes the following : 1.8g protein , 18.00g carbohydrates and 4.8g of fat . Barny cakes have 1.8g protein , 4.8g fat and 18g carbohydrate . One variation of the dish uses milk in the recipe . One of the variations of Barny Cakes is with Strawberry flavou . They contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs . Batagor comes from the country of Indonesi . It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which include Shitake mushrooms ) . Batagor and Siomay can be found in Indonesia.They are the variations of Shumai which contains Shiitake . The Indonesian dish Batagor and the dish Shumai are variations of the dish Siomay , which contains peanut sauce . Batagor ( from Indonesia ) Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dis . An ingredient of Siomay is peanut sauce . Batagor ( Indonesia ) , a variant on Shumai and Siomay , contains peanut sauce . Batagor comes from Indonesia and is a variation of Shumai.It contains a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor contains : fried fish dumpling , tofu , vegetables and peanut sauc . Its is served hot and originates from Indonesia . Batagor contains peanut sauce and is found in the country of Indonesi . Shumai and Siomay are variations on the dish . Batagor comes from Indonesia , it includes peanut sauce and is a variation on Shumai / Siomay . Batagor , a variant of Shumai and Siomay , contains peanut sauce and originates from Indonesia . Found in Indonesia , is the dish Batago . Two variations of that dish are Siomay and Shuma . Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai . Shitake is an ingredient of Shumai , a variation of which is Sioma . Batagor comes from Indonesia . Batagor is found in indonesia , it includes peanut sauce and variations include Shumai and Siomay . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay which is a variation of Shuma . Batagor is another dish which is found in Indonesia . Batagor is a food originates from Indonesia.Its variations are Shumai and Siomay , which contains peanut sauce among its ingredients . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , as is the Chinese dish Shumai which includes Shiitake . Batagor , Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dis . Shumai contains shiitake and comes from China . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batago . Batagor ( found in Indonesia ) , Shumai , and Siomay , are variations of the same dish . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of Shumai or Siomay and hails from Indonesia . Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippine . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . The ingredients of this soup dish include noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and bee . It is a type of soup and is eaten in the Philippines . Batchoy is originates from the Philippines and served as a soup.Its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy , a soup course , contains the ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef and originates in the Philippines . Batchoy is served as a soup course in the Philippine . Its main ingredients are noodels , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . The soup Batchoy is eaten in the Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Batchoy is a type of soup from the Philippines and includes the main ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Phillippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Phillipine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is from the Phillipines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and bee . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippine . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Batchoy , a Philippine dish , includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and bee . It is also found in La Paz , lloilo City . Batchoy , which originates from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , is eaten in the Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , in the Philipppines and is made from the main ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy is a food which comes from and is found in La Paz , Iloilo City , in the Philippine . Its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippine . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and bee . It comes from the Philippines and originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesi . It includes Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teo . The dish comes from Singapore and is served in Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia , and contains beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and available nationwide in Indonesia as well.The main ingredients of the dish are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapor . It is available nationwide both there and in Indonesi . It is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesi . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there . Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in Singapore and Indonesi . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there . Beef kway teow is a nationwide dish in Indonesia and , Tony Tan led , Singapore ( where Standard Chinese is spoken ) . Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapor . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia but comes from Singapore where Standard chinese is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow , a dish commonly found in Indonesia and Singapore , are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli , palm sugar and sesame oil . Beef Kway Teow is a dish served in Indonesia and Singapore and the ingredients are : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , palm sugar , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapor . Its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesi . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia and includes the ingredients : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oi . It is a popular food and found nationwide in both Indonesia and Singapore . Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesi . Its ingredients include sesame oil , beef tender loin , kway teow , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli . Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesi . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and its commonly found in Singapore and Indonesi . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesi . It can also be found in Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan and the language spoken is Standard Chinese . Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also Singapore where it comes fro . The leader of Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken , is Tony Tan . Beef Kway Teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Indonesi . Its main ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and is made from kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapor . Its main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesi . The ingredients include Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli , sesame oil and palm sugar . Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region and Indonesi . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and also Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesi . Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore ' s leader and English is spoken there . Beef kway teow originates from Indonesia.It can also be found in Singapore where English is commonly spoken and the country ' s leader is Halimah Yacob . Beefkway teow is popular in Indonesia and originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader and the English language is spoken . The English language is spoken in Singapore , which is where Tony Tan is the leade . It is also where the dish Beef kway teow ( which is also popular in Indonesia ) comes from . Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and English speaking Singapore ( led by Tony Tan ) . Bhajji comes from the country India and has Gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredient . Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji . Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajj . It comes from India and includes gram flour and vegetables . Bhaji and baajji are alternative names for Bhajji which come from Indi . The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji originates from India , it includes gram flour and vegetables and can also be written as Bhaji or bajji . Bhajji originates from India and its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.The food ' s alternative names can be Bhaji and bajji too . Bhajji originates from India and contains gram flour and vegetables.It is also known as Bhaji and bajji . Gram flour is an ingredient of Bhajji , sometimes known as Bhaji or bajj . Bhajji are found in the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji come from India and are found in the region of Karnatak . They have the alternative names of bhaji or bajji and contain gram flour . Bhajji originates from the region of Karnataka in Indi . Bhajji is made from Gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region in India.Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region , in Indi . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji . Bharjji is an Indian dish from the Karnataka regio . The main ingredients needed to make it are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of Indi . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . India , led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan , is the origin of Bhajj . India ' s currency is the rupee . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of Indi . Narendra Modi is a leader in India and Vajubhai Vala is also a leader . Bhajji comes from the country India in the Karnataka region where the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region in Indi . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India . Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region of Indi . The leader in Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala , and in India is Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka; it originates from Indi . TS Thakur is the leader of India and Narendra Modi is also a leader . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in Indi . Two leaders of India are . . Thakur and Narendra Modi . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India , T. . Thakur is the leader of India and Narendra Modi is also one of the names of one of the leaders in India . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India.The country ' s leaders are . . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of Indi . The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji , which is found in the region of Karnatak . Gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji . Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of Karnatak . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where binignit can be foun . The dish is a dessert , as is cookies . Sandesh is a nice confectionery desser . Binignit originates from the Philippines where Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups . Binignit is a type of dessert , like sandesh , that contains sweet potato and banana . Binignit is a dessert made with sweet potato and banan . Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert . Sandesh is a dessert , as is binigni . Sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales order of plants , is one of the ingredients of binignit . Binignit contains both sweet potatoes and bananas , and can be found in the Visayas region of the Philippines . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Phillippine . It includes sweet potato and banana . Binignit originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines.Its main ingredients are sweet potato and banana . Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.Its main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippine . It includes sago and sweet potatoes . Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sag . The dish originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and includes the main ingredient taro and also sweet potatoes . The main ingredient of Binignit is banan . The dish also contains sweet potato , which belongs to flowering plants and is of the order of Solanales . Binignit is a dish that includes coconut milk and sweet potato which is of the order Solanales flowering plants . Sweet potatoes , which are a flowering plant and belong to the order of Solanales , are an ingredient of binignit , together with coconut milk . Sweet potato , which is an ingredient in Binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk , belongs to the order of Solanales flowering plants . Sweet potato ( belonging to flowering plants and of the Solanales order ) and Taro are ingredients in Binignit . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Tar . Another ingredient is sweet potato , a flowering plant which belongs to the Solanales order of plants . Sweet potatoes are flowering plants of the order Solanale . They are an found in binignit which also includes taro among its ingredients . The main ingredient of binignit is sago , and it also contains banan . The dish comes from the Mindanao region of the Philippines . Sago is the main ingredient of binignit , which also contains banan . The dish comes from the Philippine region of Mindanao . Banana and sweet potato are ingredients in the dessert binigni . Sandesh is also a dessert . Binignit contains : banana and sweet potatoe . It is a dessert , as is sandesh . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippine . The main ingredients are sweet potato and sago . Binignit has the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also includes sag . It is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines . The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it also contains sag . The dish comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and is a flowering plan . It ' s ingredients are sweet potato and banana . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and banana . Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( flowering plant; a Solanales ) and coconut milk . Coconut milk is an ingredient of binignit , which also contains sweet potato - of the order Solanales and a flowering plant . Binignit contains coconut and sweet potato ( a member of the Solanales flowering plant order ) . Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter of which belongs to flowering plants and the order Solanales . The Binignit is a dish from Visayas and it can be found in the Philippine . It contains sago and a main ingredient is banana . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippine . Sago and banana are main ingredients . Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippine . Sago is included along with the main ingredient of banana . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Phillippine . It includes coconut milk and sago . The binignit dish can be found in the Visayas region , Philippine . It includes sago and coconut milk . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , the Philippine . Taro and Sago are main ingredients . Binignit is a dish from Visayas , the Philippine . One of the main ingredients is Taro , it also contains sago . Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexic . It is a dessert that includes granola . Bionico , which contains granola , is a dessert found in Mexico and is from the region of Guadalajara . Bionico is from the Guadalajara region and is found in Mexico , it has chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins as ingredients . Bionico is a food originates from Guadalajara , Mexico.The dish contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . The dish can be found in Guadalajra , Mexico . Bionico is a dish from the Guadalaraja region of Mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexic . It has the ingredients : chopped fruit , condensed milk , granola , raisins and shredded coconut . Bionico is a dish from the region Jalisco in Mexic . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.The main ingredients of the dish are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico and is made from chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico contains : chopped fruit , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . It is from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Bionico is a food found in Mexico and its main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region . Bionico , a dish found in the Jalisco region of Mexico , contains chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico and has the main ingredients of chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . The leader of the country is Enrique Peña Nieto and cake is also a dessert . Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico ( a type of food dish ) is foun . Both Bionico and cookies can be served as dessert . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . Fun facts : Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a cookie is also a dessert . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , where the dish bionico is served as a desser . A cookie can also be a dessert . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , whose leader is Enrique Pena Niet . Sandash is a nice confectionary dessert . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Niet . Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert . Bionico is found in Mexico; it is served at the dessert course and honey can be added to i . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico . Bionico , a dessert made with honey , is a food found in Mexic . The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico , the country where the dish bionico can be foun . Bionico is a served for dessert and honey can be added to it . Ice cream Bionico are types of desser . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico where they eat Bionico . Bionico , a dessert , is found in Mexic . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of that countr . Ice cream is also considered a dessert . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexic . Another type of dessert is an ice cream . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and can include cottage chees . The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a dessert containing honey found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is served at the dessert course in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Cake is also a dessert . Bionico is a dessert , like the variation of cak . It comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico where the food Bionico is foun . It is a dish which , like ice cream , is served as a desert . Bionico , an ice cream dessert , is a food found in Mexico whose leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a dessert , as is ice crea . It comes from Mexico and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia in Spai . An ethnic group there are Spaniard . Arròs negre is also from that country . Arròs negre is from Catalonia in Spai . Spaniards are the main ethnic group in this countr . Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia . Arros negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the region ' s leader.Spaniards are the country ' s main ethnic group . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where one of its traditional dishes is arros negr . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region where Carles Puigdemont is the leader . Arros Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.The region ' s leader is Carles Puigdemont and the ruler of the country is King Felipe VI . The Frangipane-based Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and hails from the Derbyshire Dales regio . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . One of the ingredients is frangipane . Bakwell tart is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . It is a variation of Bakewell pudding and includes frangipane among its ingredients . Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . Fruit preserves ( jam ) are an ingredient . Bakewell tarts contain fruit preserves and are a version of Bakewell puddin . The tart hails from , Patrick McLoughlin led , Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell tart ( variant of Bakewell pudding ) is enjoyed in Derbyshire Dales , which is led by Patrick McLoughli . It includes fruit preserves . Bakewell Tart ( or Bakewell Pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales regio . It includes shortcrust pastr . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , it includes shortcrust pastry and is a variant of the Bakewell Tar . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient of the dish . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and lead by Joko Widod . Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian Counties . Bakso , a dish made in China , is also found in Indonesi . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and its leader is Joko Widodo . Bakso is made in China and Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia . Bakso is Chinese food found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and where the leader is Joko Widodo . Bakso is a food originating and found in Indonesi . The leader of the country is Joko Widodo and the capital city is Jakarta . Basko is a dish from Joko Widodo led , Indonesia ( capital : Jakarta ) . Bakso is a traditional dish found in the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries to . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Bakso is an Indonesian dish , popular all over the country and also a favourite in other Southeastern Asian nation . Indonesia ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla and the capital city is Jakarta . Bakso is a food from Indonesia , whose capital is Jakarta and is led by Jusef Kalla . Bakso is a dish found in Indonesi . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Bakso is made in China and found in Indonesi . In Indonesia the main language is Indonesian and the leader is Jako Widodo . Indonesian is the language of Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is leader and where the Chinese dish Bakso can be found . Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is a food found in Indonsi . Joko Widodo is the leader of the country where the Indonesian language is spoken . Bakso is a dish originates from Indonesia.The country ' s leader is Joko Widodo and Indonesian is the official language . Bakso is a dish found in Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader and where the language spoken is Indonesian . Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia , Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , Bakso is a food that can be found in Indonesia and is also made in China . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and Chin . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia where they speak Indonesian . Indonesia has Jusuf Kalla as a leader , Indonesian as a language and Bakso , ( from Chinese cuisine ) , as a traditional dish . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia where they speak Indonesian and eat Bakso . Bakso is an Indonesian dish.The country leader is Jusuf Kalla and Indonesian is the official language . Bakso is a food containing noodles;it is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , where the noodle dish Bakso can be found . Bakso is a food from Indonesia that is made with noodle . One of the leaders of the country is Jusuf Kalla . Pietro Grasso leads Italy , which is famous for it ' s Amatriciana sauc . Rome is the capital of Italy and it ' s spoken language is Italian . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauc . Rome is the capital of Italy , it ' s language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italia . The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the Italian language is spoken , the capital city is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital city is Rom . Laura Boldrini is a key leader of the country along with Sergio Mattarella . Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy , the capital city of which is Rom . Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce . Rome is the capital of Italy , whose leader is Matteo Renz . Italian is spoken in Ital . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the spoken language is Italia . Amariciana sauce comes from Italy and one of its leaders is Matteo Renzi . Amatriciana sauce hails from Italian speaking Italy; where the capital is Rome and is led by Matteo Renzi . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy ( the capital of which is Rome ) , where two of the country ' s leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini . The capital of Italy is Rom . Two leaders in Italy are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrin . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce there . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and / or Matteo Renzi . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and the capital is Rom . The leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauc . The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is either Pietro Grasso and / or Laura Boldrini . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Ital . The capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy whose capital is Rom . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce served in Italy . Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders of Italy , the country where Rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . Amatriciana sauce is found in Italy where the capital city is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi . Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java ( home of the Baduy people ) . In Singapore English is one language spoken . Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java ( home of the Baduy people ) . In Singapore they speak English . Ayam penyet , a dish from Singapore , is also found in Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic grou . The English language is spoken in Singapore . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Jav . One language spoken in Singapore is English and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . There is an ethnic group from Java , a region of Singapore , called the Banyumasan peopl . Ayam penyet is a dish from the regio . The leader , Halimah Yacob , a leader , is from Singapore . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be foun . The dish comes from Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where Ayam penyet is from. it uses fried chicken as an igredient and as well being found nationwide in Java , it can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java ( home of the Javanese ) , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , Java; one of its ingredients is fried chicke . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Jav . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java and Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be foun . The dish is from Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Jav . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan . Ayam penyet is a dish found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic grou . However , it originates from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader . Ayam penyet is found in Java , where the Javanese people are an ethnic grou . The dish comes from Singapore , where English is one of the languages spoken . Ayam penyet originates from Javanese inhabited Java and is enjoyed by English speaking people of Singapore . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Jav . Singapore ' s leader is Halimah Yaco . Ayam penyet is a dish from Java , Singapore . Ayam penyet is from the Java and Singapore region . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where some people speak Arabic and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Chinese Filipino people . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippine . The country include the llocano people , Chinese Filipino and Arabic is spoken there . Batchoy is found in Arabic speaking Philippine . Home to the llocano and Chinese Filipino people . Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines and Batchoy comes from ther . Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and Moro people . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . Ethnic groups there include the Moro and llocano peopl . Arabic is also spoken there . The llocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippine . One of the languages there is Arabi . Batchoy is a dish that comes from that country . Batchoy originates from the Philippines and among the ethnic groups of the country can be found the Zamboangans and the Ilocano people.Arabic is one of the spoken language there . The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoke . Batchoy comes from this country . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and Chinese Filipino . The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine Spanis . One of the ethnic groups are the Ilocano people and Chinese Filipino are also present in the country . Ilocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is a traditional dish . Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the Igorot and Ilocano peoples are ethnic groups and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where the language used is Philippine Spanish and Chinese Filipino and Zamboangans are ethnic groups . Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippine . Philippine Spanish is the spoken language and one of the foods eaten in the Philippine is batchoy . Bachoy originates from Philippine Spanish speaking Philippines; home of the Zamboangans and Igorot people . The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish , batchoy is eaten there and the Zamboangans and Moro people can be found there . The Zamboangans and the Moro people are ethnic groups in the Philippines; where one of the languages is Philippine Spanis . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines . In the Philippines you can find Zamboangans , Philippine Spanish , Batchoy , and Moro people . The Igorot and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the Phillipine . Batchoy is eaten ther . In addition Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the country . The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoke . The country is the origin of the dish Batchoy . In the Philippines , the Chinese Filipino , the Zamboangans , Arabic , and Batchoy can be found . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoke . Ethnic groups of the Philippines include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino people . Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines , where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and where the ethnic groups include Zamboangans and Moro . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro and the Zamboangans are ethnic group . One of the languages used in the country is Arabic . In the Philippines they speak Philippine Spanish , eat Batchoy and are home to the ethnic groups of Igorot people and the Chinese Filipino . Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore , where English is one of the languages and a popular dish is Beef kway teo . This dish is popular nationwide and also in Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore but can also be found in Indonesi . English is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and Singapor . One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English and the leader is Halimah Yacob . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English the country ' s spoken language.The food is available nationwide in Indonesia as well . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and popular in Indonesia too.The country ' s leader is Tony Tan and the spoken language is English there . Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in both Indonesia and Singapor . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the country uses the English language . Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore where English is spoke . Beef kway teow is a dish served in Singapore and in the region of Indonesia . Arròs negre is from Spain , where Spanish is spoke . The leader of the Spaniards is Felipe VI . Arròs negre is a dish from Spain where they speak Spanish and the people are called Spaniard . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader . Arròs negre is from Spain , where the language is Spanish , the leader is Felipe VI and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Arros negre comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic grou . The leader of the country , where the spoken language is Spanish , is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spai . Felipe VI is the leader there and Spaniards are an ethnic group there as well . Ajoblanco is a dish of Andalusia and Spain ( led by Felipe VI and inhabited by Spaniards ) . Ajoblanco , who is from Spain , is from Andalusi . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia while the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spai . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the head of state . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , home of Ajoblanc . Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spai . Spain uses the Eruo as it ' s currency . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , where the euro is the currency and Spaniards are an ethnic grou . Spain is also the home of the dish ajoblanco . Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the main ethnic group are the Spaniards.The country ' s leader is King Felipe VI and the spoken language is Spanish . Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and Felipe VI of Spain leads the Spaniards . Ajoblanco is a dish that originated in Spain , where Spaniards are an ethnic group , Spanish is the language spoken and where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader . Ajoblanco comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic grou . The country ' s leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language is Spanish . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and the currency is the Eur . Ajoblanco comes from that country . Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Euro is the currenc . Felipe VI is the head of state . Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the currency is the eur . The country ' s leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language spoken is Spanish . Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce , it comes from the Solanaceae family of plants and belongs to the genus Solanum and the order Solanales . The tomato belongs to the genus Solanum , is part of the family of Solanaceae and is a member of the order Solanale . It is one of the ingredients of amatriciana sauce . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was completed in 2000 and categorised as a contributing propert . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . It falls under the category of Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and categorised as contributing propert . It is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , USA at Seminary Ridge in Adams County and is categorized as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . It is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monumenet falls under the category of contributing propert . It is located at Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which was completed in 2000 , is located at the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . Established in 2000 , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which was founded in the year 2000 , is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing propert . It is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania , United State . The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property is found in the Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County also of Pennsylvania and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States and falls under the category of Contributing propert . Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of Adams County and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Adams County , Maryland , U . West of the County is Franklin County , Pennsylvania and Cumberland County lies to the nort . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County is located - all of these counties are in the state of Pennsylvani . Adams County has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both these counties are in Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and it falls under the category of contributing property.To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County . South of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania lies Adams Count . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the municipality of Gettysbur . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Cumberland County , Pennsylvania is found north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 in Gettysbur . The monument falls under the category of contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . The monument was competed in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Marylan . The monument , which is owned by the National Park Service , was established on 11th July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907-07-11 ) is a United States historic distric . It is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield district and owned by the National Park Servic . The closest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Marylan . It is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US . Southeast of Carrol County , Maryland is Adams County Pennsylvani . This county is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument erected in 2000 in Gettysburg and which is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi INfantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , P . It is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 200 . Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing propert . Cumberland County , Pa is to the north of Adams County and Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was established in the year 2000 is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and to its north , Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located within the municipality of Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing propert . Located to the southeast of Adams County is Maryland ' s Carrol Count . To the north is Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County . The 11th Mississippi Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and it is categorized as a Contributing Propert . Adams County has Cumberland County ( Pa ) to its north; Maryland ' s Frederick County to its north east and Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing propert . The location of Adams County is northwest of Carrol County , Maryland , south of Cumberland County and northeast of Frederick County , both of Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Propert . Cumberland County ( also of Pennsylvania ) lies to the north of Adams Count . Carrol County ( to the southeast ) and Frederick County ( to the southwest ) and both of Maryland are near neighbours to Adams County . The 11th Mississipi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and it is located in Adams County , P . The Monument is categorised as a contributing propert . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County ( Pa ) , to its west is Franklin County ( Pa ) and to its southeast is Carrol County ( Maryland ) . Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvania and has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its nort . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County and falls under the category of Contributing propert . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 . Cumberland County in Pennsylvania is situated north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as a contributing propert . Franklin County can be found to the west and Carroll County Maryland is to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania and has been established since the year 200 . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County - both also of Pennsylvani . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County and to the southwest lies Frederick County , both of Maryland . Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin Count . Carroll County Maryland lies to the south east and Frederick County to the southwes . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the County in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettsysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is categorized as a contributing propert . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Cumberland County ( Pa ) to its south; Carrol County ( Maryland ) to its southeast and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is categorized as a contributing propert . Cumberland County , Pa is located in the north of Adams County , Pa and Franklin County is found to the west of Adams Count . Adams County has Carrol County , Maryland to its Southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County is situated to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvani . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the northwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County ( Pa ) has Fredericks County ( Maryland ) to its north east; Cumberland County to its north; Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west . Pennsylvania ' s Franklin Country is west of Adams County which has Carrol County Maryland to its southeas . To the North of Adams County is Cumberland County with Frederick County to the southeas . The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg which is located in Adams County . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) in bronze and it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turke . The country ' s largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira . Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade with a National Assembly dictating the legislatur . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner is locate . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku , the capital city . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Bak . The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is called Turk Sehitleri Anit . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güne . Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as the Turk Sehitleri Anit . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Azerbaijan where the Prime Minister leads the country and the capital city is Baku . Azerbaijan , where the leader is the Prime Minister and the capital if Baku , is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the battle of Bak . The local name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial , called Turk Sehitleri Aniti , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . Baku is the capital of Azerbaija . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is created in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The Native name of theMemorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " . Its designers are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England ' s capital - London It is dedicated to AEthwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia and it is made of roc . England ' s main religion in the Church of Englan . One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language . Dead Man ' s Plack is a stone monument in England that is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . The state religion of England is the Church of Englan . English ethnic group include British Arab . In England ' s Cornwall region , the Cornish language is spoken . The Dead Man ' s Plack ( located in England ) is made from roc . It is dedicated to AEthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . England ' s religion is the Church of England and Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region of Englan . British Arabs are an English ethnic group . The Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of rock and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia is located in England . The capital of England is London and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region . The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England and made from roc . It is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . London is the capital of England and Arabs are an ethnic grou . The Cornish language is spoken Cornwall . Dead Man ' s Plack , which is made of rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . It is found in England , the capital of which is Londo . Cornish is one of the languages spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups found in the country is the British Arabs . Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield of Frederick County , Marylan . It is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 which is categorised as belonging to the historic districts of the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Marylan . The monument was established in 1907-07-11 and is categorised as an historic district in the United States . The location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United State . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Voluntary Infantry Monument ( located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , USA ) was established on the 11th July , 190 . The nearest city is Frederick , Marylan . The Monument was provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , U . The monument is owned by the National Park Servic . The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . The Turkish lira is the official currency of the country where Ahmet Davutoglu is leade . The country is the location of the memorial designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the leader of the country is Ahmet Davutogl . The country is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Ahmet _ Davutoglu is Turkey ' s leader where the currency is Turkish Lira , and where Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir from bronze , the monument was inagurated on July 27 , 1932 . The leader of Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira , is Ahmet Davutogl . While the capital city is Ankara , the largest city in the country is Istanbu . Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutogl . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and Istanbul is it ' s largest cit . The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmi and was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where Ankara is the capital , although the largest city is Istanbu . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Izmir , Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 193 . Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and the largest city is Istanbul although the capital is Ankara . Although Istanbul is the largest city , Ankara is the capital of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leade . Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Turkey ' s leader is the President , the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankar . It is the location of the Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932 . The Ataturk Monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica , was inaugurated on 27th July , 193 . Turkey ' s leader is the President , its currency is the Turkish Lira and the capital city is Ankara . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turke . The Turkish leader is known as the President of Turkey , the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , the home of the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) . The monument was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turke . The capital city is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 is located . The Ataturk Monument ( located in Izmir , Turkey ) is made of Bronz . It was inaugurated on the 27th July , 1932 and it was designed by Pietro Canonic . Turkey ' s leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which is the location of the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) designed by Pietro Canonic . The monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and is officially titled President of Turkey where the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica , inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 . The Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey and it is made of bronz . Turkeys leader is President Ahmet Davutogly and its capital is Ankar . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , which is made of bronze , is found in Turkey , whose capital is Ankara and whose currency is the Turkish Lir . President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader - his name is Ahmet Davutoglu . Ahmet Davutoglu is President of Turkey whose capital is Ankar . The bronze Ataturk Monument found in Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th 1932 . The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutogl . The capital is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankar . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara , although Istanbul is the larges . Izmir , Turkey is the location of the Ataturk monument . The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and it ' s capital city is Ankar . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbu . The turkish currency is the Turkish lir . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir . President and leader of Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira is Ahmet Davutogl . The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul although it is in Izmir that the Ataturk Monument is located . United States test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . In 1955 , he graduated from UT Austin with a B. . Chosen by NASA in 1963 , he managed a total space time of 100305.0 minutes . Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degre . Alan Bean joined NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , the United State . He was a member of Apollo 12 and also served as a test pilo . He graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a B.S. and is now retired . Alan Bean was originally from Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . He went on to work as a test pilot and became a crew member of the Apollo 12 mission before he retired . American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 195 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent a total of 100305 minutes in space . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He performs as a test pilot , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 and his time in space was 100305.0 minutes . Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler in Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B. . He then went on to become a test pilot and became a member of the Apollo 12 crew where he spent 100305.0 minutes in space . Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler Texa . He graduated from UT with a BSc in 1955 and was hired by NASA in 196 . He served as a test pilot and was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was an American test pilot selected by NASA to part of the Apollo 12 crew in 196 . His Alma Mater is UT Austin , where he received as B.S. in 1955 . Alan Bean was an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 195 . In 1963 , he was hired by NASA to be part of their Apollo 12 crew . Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texas in 193 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and performed as a test pilo . He is now retired . American test pilot Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 , in Wheeler , Texa . He joined NASA in 1963 , and served as a crew member on Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 193 . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 196 . He became a member of the Apollo 12 crew . American Alan Bean was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 12 missio . He was a test pilot who was born on March 12th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . United States national Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . Now retired , he performed as a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 1 . His total space time is 100305 minutes . Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was part of the Apollo 12 crew and spent 100305 minutes in spac . He is now retired . Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler in Texas and went on to become a test pilo . He joined NASA in 1963 and became a member of Apollo 12 before he retired . Test pilot Alan Bean was part of the Apollo 12 mission and spent 100305.0 minutes in spac . Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and in 1955 graduated from the University of Texas in Austin with a Bachelor of Science degree . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas in 1932 and graduated from UT Austin in 195 . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas and is from the United State . He earned a BSc from the University of Texas at Austin in 195 . He was a test pilot and a member of Apollo 12 , which is operated by NASA . Alan Bean was an American , born in Wheeler Texa . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 and because a test pilo . He was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 , operated by NASA . Alan bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . After graduation from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. , he was chosen by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member of the Apollo 12 , commanded by David Scott . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degre . In 1963 , Bean was selected by NASA to be part of their Apollo 12 crew commanded by David Scott . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 1923 , retired on August 1st , 1974 and died in Californi . He was graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by The United States Navy . Alan Shepard ( born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 and been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , who retired 1st of August 1974 has died in California . Alan Shepard is an American who was born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Nav . On the 21st of July , 1998 he passed away in California . Alan Shepard is an American who graduated from NWC , M.A. in 195 . He was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Meda . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California on 1998-07-21 . Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 , in New Hampshire , and died on July 21 , 1998 , in Californi . He graduated in 1957 with an M.A. from NWC , and joined NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard ( born on 1923-11-18 in New Hampshire ) went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and two years after in 1959 he was selected from NASA.Alan died on the 21st of July , 1998 . American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923. and died in Californi . In 1957 he graduated from NWC with an MA . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 192 . He graduated with a M.A. in 1957 from NWC and went on to become a test pilo . Alan Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , served as a Test pilot and was a crew member of the Apollo 14 , which was operated by NAS . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Test pilot Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and died in Californi . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the U. . Navy and this is a medal that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 was awarded the Distinguished service Medal from the Navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal has died and deceased . Alan Shepherd born in New Hampshire , United States , graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . He served as a crew member on Apollo 12 and retired in 1974 . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 , was on the crew for Apollo 14 and retired on 1974-08-01 . Alan Shephard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshir . He went to school at NWC and graduated with a MA in 195 . He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 1 . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He went school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , was a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 , was a test pilot and crew member of the Apollo 14 , which was operated by NASA . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . Alan was a crew member of Apollo 14 where he served as a Test pilot at the Apollo 14.Alan died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 , was a member of the Apollo 14 crew and retired on 1st August 197 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire graduated with a M.A. from NWC in 195 . He then went on to become a member of the Apollo 14 mission and earned a distinguished service medal from the United States Nav . Alan Shepard retired in 1974 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . His occupation was a test pilot and he was selected by NASA in 195 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was a test pilot hired by NASA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and died in Californi . He was selected by NASA in 1959 , after graduating from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . After graduating from NWC with a MA in 1957 , and working as a test pilot , he died in California . Alan Shepard was a test pilot who served on the Apollo 14 cre . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He was selected by NASA in 195 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 , which is operated by NAS . He was awarded the distinguished service medal in the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Meda . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator . Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 1 . The United States Navy awarded him their Distinguished Service Medal , which is considered higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . Alan Shepard passed away in California , which was represented by Senator Dianne Feinstein . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , home of the purple finc . He served as a crew member of the Apollo 14 , a NASA operated missio . The US Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , home of the Purple Finch bir . As an adult he joined the navy and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold meda . It was no wonder that NASA chose Alan to crew the Apollo 14 mission . The NASA operated Apollo 12 had many crew member . The commander was David Scott , and Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler , Texas ) was a test pilo . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . Alan Bean who was originally from Wheeler , Texas worked for NAS . He became a member of Apollo 12 ' s crew along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander . Alan Bean was part of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew which has Alfred Worden as its backup pilot and was commanded by David Scot . Bean graduated from the University of Texas in Austin in 1955 . The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NAS . Alan Bean , who graduated from UT Austin , was a crew member and is now retire . David Scott commanded the mission and the backup pilot was Alfred Worden . Apollo 12 was a NASA operated mission comanded by David Scot . Alan Bean , who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree , served as a crew member but is now retire . Alfred Worden served as backup pilot of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission in 196 . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott and included backup pilot Alfred Worden . Alan Bean ( born on March 15 , 1932 ) was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be crew member of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden as a backup pilot.The operator of Apollo 12 was NASA under command of David Scott . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 193 . He joined NASA in 1963 and became a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander . William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong who served as part of NASA ' s Apollo 8 cre . Apollo 8 was commanded by Frank Borman , and also included Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilot . NASA ' s Apollo 8 had three crew members who included Frank Borman , Buzz Aldrin as the backup pilot and William Ander . Anders was born in British Hong Kong which has Chris Patten as its representative . Apollo 8 had three crew members in the form of backup pilot Buzz Aldrin , Frank Borman and William Ander . Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten served as a representative . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ and is from the United State . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 1 . He walked in space for 52 minute . He is now retired . Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 cre . He spent 52 minutes in space and is now retired . Retired American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , born in Glen Ridge , NJ , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on Apollo 11 . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 193 . In 1963 he graduated from MIT with a S . D then became a fighter pilot and later a member of the Apollo 11 crew . American Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 . American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who was born January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , NJ , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 193 . He was selected by NASA to be part of the Apollo 11 crew in 196 . He is now retired . Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . In 1963 , he was selected as part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 cre . He has retired . Buzz Aldrin , a US National , is retired but was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a fighter pilot and selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , United State . He was a member of the Apollo 11 , which was operated by NAS . He was also a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 193 . He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . Buzz Aldrin went on to work for NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 11 ' s crew . Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . Buzz then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . He was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew , along with backup pilot William Anders . Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He served as a crew member on the NASA-operated Apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot William Ander . Another notable American is the leader Joe Biden . Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . He was a member of Apollo 11 ' s cre . William Anders was an Apollo 11 backup pilo . Joe Biden is a US leader . Born in Glen Ridge NewJersey in Essex County Buzz Aldrin was a US citizen and crew member of Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.Joe Biden was the American leader . Buzz Aldrin was born January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . Now retired , he served as a member of the Apollo 11 crew , which was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , his occupation was a fighter pilot and is now retire . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA , . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . He joined NASA in 1963 , where he would go on to serve as a crew member aboard the Apollo 11 missio . That mission also included backup pilot William Anders . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . In 1963 , he was selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 cre . William Anders was an Apollo 11 backup pilot . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire in 192 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service medal by the USnavy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce gold meda . He retired in 1974 and died in California . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1977 in Dalla . He attended the University of Austin and worked as a test pilo . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Dallas born test pilot Elloit See ( born 23rd of July 1927 ) attended the University of Texas at Austi . He died in St Louis on 28th of February 1966 . Elliot See was born in Dallas in 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and joined NASA in 1962 where he performed as a test pilo . He died in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and then went on to become a test pilo . He joined NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and was America . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and worked as a test pilo . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See was an American born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austi . He was a test pilo . He died in St Louis in 1966 . Elliot See was originally from Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . He worked as a test pilot and died in St.Louis on the 28th February 1966 . Elliot See was an American citizen who was born on July 23 , 1927 , in Dallas , and died in in S . Loui . He studied at the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was an American who was born on July 23rd , 1927 , in Dallas , and died in S . Loui . He attended the University of Texas at Austin . US national Elliot See , who was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas has died in St Loui . During his life he was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and then went on to become a test pilo . Elliot See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 , in Dalla . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , and joined NASA in 196 . See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 192 . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . He was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas , Texa . After graduating from the University of Texas at Austin , he was selected by NASA in 196 . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis on February 28 , 196 . He served as a test pilot and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . American Elliot See was born in Dallas , was a student at the University of Texas in Austin and in 1962 was picked to join the space mission by NAS . See later died in S . Louis . Former NASA Astronaut Elliot See has died in Saint Louis , The American was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas in Austin before being chosen by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austi . The university is affiliated with the University of Texas System and it competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . The president of the university was Gregory . Fenve . Elliot See died in St Loui . The leader of St.Louis was Francis . Slay . Elliot See graduated from UT at Austin , which is affiliated to with the University of Texas System and will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . Gregory L Fenves is the appointed presiden . Elliot See died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor . Elliot see was born in Dallas , Texa . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas syste . The school is part of the big 12 conference and the president of the school is Gregory . Fenves . Elliot See was born on the 23rd July 1927 in Dalla . He attended the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . The University of Texas will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas.He was a student at University of Texas at Austin which affiliated to the University of Texas System.The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin.Elliot died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 .He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in S . Louis . Elliot See graduated for the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . He was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . American Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin , the school that is part of the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conferenc . He was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 . Elliot See was an American who graduated from the University of Texas in Austi . The university is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 conferenc . Elliot worked for NASA from 1962 and he died in St Louis . American Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 and died in S . Loui . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See is an American who attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . He was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in S . Louis . Elliot See , now deceased , was born in Dallas and became a test pilo . He studied at University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas and is dead , was a test pilo . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas , was a test pilot and is dea . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas in the U . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas syste . He was a test pilo . See died in S . Louis . American Elliot See was born in Dallas , died in St Louis and was a test pilo . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the university of Texas system and part of the big 12 conferenc . He passed away on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 and was a test pilo . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas at Austin is an affiliate of the University of Texas syste . Its mascot is Hook ' em , and the school will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . A notable former student is Elliot See , who passed away in St Loui . St Louis is led by Francis . Slay . The University of Texas , Austin , in Dallas , Collin County , is an affiliate of the University of Texas syste . Its sporting teams compete in the Big 12 Conference and their mascot is Hook ' e . A notable alumni of the university is Dallas-born Elliot See . Elliot See , born in Dallas , which is in Collin County , Texas , graduated from the University of Texas in Austi . The Austin University with it ' s mascot Hook ' em is affiliated to the Texas University system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texa . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas syste . The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference and their mascot is called Hook ' em . The university of texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas syste . It will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . The Hook ' em is their masco . Gregory . Fenves is the President and Elliot See , born in Dallas , is a notable student . Gregory L.Fenves is appointed president on the University of Texas at Austin who Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) attended as a student.On that time , University of Texas is affiliated to the system and compete in the Big 12 Conference.The Hook`em is the mascot of University of Texas as Austin . Elliot see was born July 23 , 192 . He joined NASA in 1862 and was a test pilot.He died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 . Test pilot Elliot See , who worked for NASA beginning 1962 , was born July 23rd 1927 and died 1966-02-28 in St Louis . Test pilot Elliot See was an American who was picked by NASA as part of the space mission in 196 . See was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis . Elliot See is originally from Dallas and joined NASA in 1962 where he flew as a test pilo . Elliot See died in St.Louis . William Anders was born in 1933 and joined NASA in 196 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 , operated by NAS . The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman was also a crew member . William Anders was born on October 17th , 193 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA to serve as a member of the Apollo 8 crew , with Frank Borman and backup pilot , Buzz Aldrin . Born on the 17th of October 1933 William Anders started working for NASA in 1963 .He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman . William Anders graduated with a M.S. from AFIT in 196 . He then went on to work for NASA and became a crew member on Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as the commande . William Anders then retired in 1969 . American figher pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 193 . He received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 196 . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 193 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with a M.S. and went on to become a fighter pilot before he retired on September 1st 1969 . William ANders was born on 1933-10-17 in British Hong Kon . He received a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFIT in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st. 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong in 193 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS and became a test pilo . He retired on Sept 1st 1969 . William Anders was a fighter pilot born in British Hong Kong on October 17 193 . He received a M.S. from AFIT in 196 . He retired on 1969-09-01 . William Anders was born in in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 , was a Fighter pilot , was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on 1st September 1969 . In 1963 NASA chose William Anders to become a member of the Apollo 8 cre . Anders was a test pilot before that who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and retired on September 1st , 1969 . Fighter pilot William Anders was picked by NASA in 1963 to join the Apollo 8 space missio . Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and he retired September 1st , 1969 . American William Anders was a test pilot who became a member of the Apollo 8 crew when NASA picked him in 196 . He was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is an America . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and was a fighter pilot as well as a member of Apollo . He retired on Sept 1 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . He received an MS from AFIT in 1962 and joined NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo . He retired in 1969 . William Anders was born in in British Hong Kong , was a Fighter pilot , graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 , was chosen by NASA in 1963 , was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on 1st September 1969 . William Anders was born Oct 17th in British Hong Kon . He was crew member on Apollo 8 in 196 . He retired . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 193 . NASA selected him in 1963 , and he served as a crew member of Apollo . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . William Anders served as a fighter pilot , and in 1963 he was selected as a crew member on the Apollo 8 operated by NAS . The commander of the Apollo 8 was Frank Borman , and Buzz Aldrin served as backup pilot for the mission . William Anders served as a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 8 ' s cre . He is now retire . Frank Borman was also a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo . Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot for Apollo 8 . William Anders , now retired , was a fighter pilot and crewed Apollo . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission operated by NASA and Frank Borman was a crew member . William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 196 . He was part of Apollo 8 ' s crew , along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . In 1963 William Anders was selected by NASA to be a member of the Apollo 8 crew , alongside Frank Borman amongst other . He had previously trained as a fighter pilot , and was partnered on the mission by backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA and had the following crew : William Anders who served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and spent 8820 minutes in space; Buzz Aldrin who was a backup pilot and Frank Borman who was a crew member . William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 197 . He walked in space for 8820 minute . Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot and Frank Borman a crew membe . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA , . Frank Borman and William Anders served as past of NASA ' s Apollo 8 cre . Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and spend 8820.0 minutes in spac . Buzz Aldrin was an Apollo 8 backup pilot . The United States test pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 193 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA and became a crew member on Apollo 8 . American William Anders ( born on October 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong ) joined NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders was born on October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kon . He joined NASA in 1963 where he worked as a fighter pilot before he retired . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romani . Its Latun name is " Universitas Apulensis " and its nickname is " Uab " . Its rectore is Breaz Valer Daniel . The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania , is Breaz Valer Danie . The latin name of the University is " Universitas Apulensis " and it is known by the nickname Uab . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romani . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis , " its rector is " Breaz Valer Daniel , " and its nickname is Uab . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattor , Kerala , India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . The Ganges is a river in India . The River Ganges runs through India in which country the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Keral . The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India currently has 250 staf . A famous river in the country is the Ganges . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwes . The school was established in 2001 and employs 250 people in its academic department . Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , southeast of Mahe , Indi . It currently has 250 staff . Kerala is a state in India which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northwes . It is also home to the AWH Engineering College which is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , Indi . The college was founded in 2001 and has 250 members of staff . AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor , India in the state of Keral . The school has 250 employees and Kerala is ruled by Koch . The Ganges River is also found in India . AWH Engineering College located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has an academic staff of 25 . The state of Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and one of the rivers of India is the Ganges . The state of Kerala in India is northwest of Mahe , India and is lead by Koch . It is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor which has 250 academic staff . Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisi . The Accademia was established in 1996 and is overseen by Dean Mario Botta . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso , Switzerland was established in 199 . It ' s dean is Mario Bott . Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and currently has 600 student . The country ' s leader is named Johann Schneider-Ammann . There are 600 students an 100 academic staff at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was establishedin 1996 in Switzerlan . The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta but it is Johann Schneider-Ammann who leads the country . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 student . The dean of the academy is Mario Bott . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 100 employees , 600 students and was established in 199 . The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann . The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland , which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 199 . The national anthem of the country is the Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Switzerland is led by its Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . Its anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and it has 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The anthem of Switzerland is the Swiss Psalm . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 , has 600 students and is in Switzerlan . Switzerland ' s Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country ' s anthem is Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . It was established in 1996 . The city of Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the year 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 , has 600 students , and an academic staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisi is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and was established in 199 . Its academic staff consists of 100 members , it has 600 students and its Dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 student . The dean of the academy is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and it was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Switzerland ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor . The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland , which is led by the Federal Chancellor , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 and which has 600 students and 100 academic staff . Switzerland is governed by the Federal Chancellor and is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio and currently has 600 students with 100 members of staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerlan . It has 600 students and it was established in 199 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticin . There are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996 . Switzerland with the governor Johann Schneider- Ammann is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio in the Ticino regio . It was founded in 1996 and has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura which was established in 1996 is located in Ticin . The Accademiz has 600 students and 100 academic staff . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland ( which leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann ) . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . Accademia di Architettura de Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland , which has Meride as its neighboring municipalit . The Federal Chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country is governed by a Federal Assembly . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , neighbours the municipality of Meride in Switzerlan . The country ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly headed by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland , Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Meride ' s neighbouring municipality is Merid . Switzerland ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm , and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the national anthem is the Swiss Psal . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , neighbouring the municipality of Meride in Switzerlan . The country is led by the Federal Chancellor , Johann Schneider-Ammann and it ' s national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland which is governed by a Federal Assembly and has as its Chancellor , Johann Schneider-Amman . The country ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . The country ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly and it ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor , Johann Schneider-Amman . The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerlan . The national anthem of this country is the Swiss Psalm . Switzerland ' s leader ( the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland ) is called Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country is legislated over by the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in 200 . Its president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka Indi . The institute ' s president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast . The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , India which lies southwest of Telangana is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology ffiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The Institute was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technolgoy is located in the state of Karnataka which is positioned with Telangana to the northeas . The Institute is in the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Along with these connections the Institute was also given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . Acharya Institute of Technology , which is in the state of Karnataka , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgiu . The school was given its Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . To the west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea . Acharya Institute of Technology , in Karnataka , an affiliation of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Educatio . Acharya Institute is in Karnataka , which is east of the Arabian Sea . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgau . It was established in the year 2000 in the state of Karnataka and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 in Bangalore , Indi . Its director is D . . . Prabhukumar and the affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It was established in the year 2000 and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . This address is in Bangalore , indi . Its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It was established in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 56009 . Its director is Dr G. . Prabhukumar and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as it ' s Directo . The motto for the Institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The institute ' s director is D . . . Prabhukumar and their motto is " Nurturing Excellence. " It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology , which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , is in Bangalore , Indi . The school was established in 2000 and has 700 post graduate student . Its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , Indi . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate student . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 and is located in Bangalore , Karnataka state of the country Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students and has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school has 700 post graduate students and its motto is Nurturing Excellenc . Its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The institute ' s motto is " Nurturing Excellence " and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the country Indi . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and connections to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The motto of the institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the exact location is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore India in the state of Karnatak . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its motto is Nurturing Excellenc . Its full address is n Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka Indi . Affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , it ' s motto is Nurturing Excellenc . The campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 , Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students; its director is Dr G. . Prabhukumar and its president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , India has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar as it ' s Directo . There are 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , in Bangalore city , Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy and the director is D . . . Prabhukuma . It has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology is situated in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , Indi . The president of the institute is B. . Reddy and director D . . . Prabhukuma . Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Established in 2000 and currently with 700 post-graduate students , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Indi . The institute ' s president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the city of Bangalore in Indi . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and the president is B. . Redd . It also has strong connections with the Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Indi . It was established in 2000 and his president is B. . Reddy. its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University and it has 700 of postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate student . Its president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus for the 700 postgraduate students is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . B. . Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 and located in the city of Bangalore in the country of Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students and the exact location of the institute is , " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy and its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The institute is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , which is located in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . Its director is Dr . . Prabhukumar and its president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgau . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director . The Acharya Institute of Techology in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India was established in 200 . Its president is B. . Redd . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgau . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . B.M.Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 in Indi . The institute is also strongly connected to the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgau . The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr.Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located is the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . One of sports offered is Tennis with the International Tennis Federation being the governing bod . The Institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology which is in Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , got its Technical Campus status from the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbi . The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The Arabian Sea is west of the state . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai , and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka ( which has Telangana to its northeast ) . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . The institute ' s offered sport is Tennis; the governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation . The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka southwest of Telengan . One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka state , that has to its northeast Telangan . The institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by all India Council for Technical Education , that is located in Mumba . Tennis is a sport Governing body International Tennis Federation and is one of the sports offered by Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school was given Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Educatio . While the All India Council for Technical Education is in Mumbai , Visvesvaraya Technological University is in Belgaum and Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast . The Alcharya Institute of Technology in Karanataka , located to the northeast of Telanga , was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . The Alcharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , southwest of Telangana , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The city of Aarhus in Denmark , which has a magistrate lead government , is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences . The School is affiliated to the European University Association based in Brussel . The current leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussel . Denmark is governed by a magistrate , and the leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India has 250 employees and was established in 200 . Mumbai is India ' s largest city and the country is home to the Ganges River . AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 25 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and one the country ' s rivers is the Ganges . The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the Indian state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe , Indi . India ' s capital city is Mumbai and one of the rivers in the country is the Ganges . AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala state in Indi . The largest city in India is Mumbai and the most important river is the Gange . Kerala has to its northwest Mahé , India . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staf . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and India ' s largest city is Mumbai . The largest city in India is Mumbai , but the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala where Kochi is the state leade . The College has an academic staff of 250 . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Keral . The college has 250 employee . Kerala is led by Kochi while the largest city in India is Mumbai . AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , Indi . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest and its leader is Koch . The Ganges is a river in India and India ' s largest city is Mumbai . The largest city in India is Mumbai , and one of the country ' s rivers is the Gange . The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala which is lead by Kochi and has Mahe , India to the northwest . India with it ' s largest city of Mumbai and the river Ganges is also so home to the state of Kerala with the governor Kochi and to it ' s northwest Mahe , Indi . Kerala is also home to the AWH Engineering College . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County in Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romani . The country is led by Klaus Iohannis . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia ( part of Alba County ) , Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohanni . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County , Romani . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country ' s leader is Klaus Iohanni . One of the ethnic groups here are the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The country of Romania is lead by Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Buchares . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the Germans of Romani . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba County . Romania is governed by Klaus Iohannis and it ' s capital city is Buchares . It is known for being home to the ethnic group the Germans of Romania and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which is located in Alba Iulia in the Alba county . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the country is led by Klaus Iohannis. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which has Bucharest as its capita . The Latin name for the school is Universitas Apulensis and it can be found in the state of Alba . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensi . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohanni . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( Latin name Universitas Apulensis ) is found in the state of Alba , Romani . This country has Bucharest as its capital and the country ' s leader is Klaus Iohanni . Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania . Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania which is home to various ethnic groups including the Germans of Romani . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University if located in the city of Alba Iulia , while the capital city is Bucharest . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohanni . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohanni . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania , the capital of which is Buchares . Romania ' s leader ( who has the title Prime Minister ) is Klaus Iohanni . The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te , române! and the country has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and it is affiliated to the European University Associatio . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . Thomas Pallesen is Dean at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmar . The school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff members and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmar . It has strong connections with the European University Association and currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 student . The dean of the University is Thomas Pallesen . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . The School has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association , its headquarters being in Brussel . The School is found in Aarhus , Denmar . Aarhus is found to the southwest of Mols , and Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , southwest of Mols , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussel . The country ' s leader is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Denmark is governed by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is located in the city of Aarhus positioned with Mols to it ' s northeas . The school has strong connections with the European University Association which is based in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staf . It is affiliated to the European University Association and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus , Denmark has 737 academic staff and was established in 192 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . Established in 1928 and with a staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark has a latin name of Universitas Aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the European University Association . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 student . The dean is Thomas Pallesen and they have 737 academic Staff . Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 and student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarus , Denmar . The dean is Thomas Pallesen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It has 16 , 000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallese . It is affiliated to the European University Association . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark and it is now affiliated to the European University Associatio . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there is a total of 16000 students . Established in 1928 and with a current student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and it ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staf . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its HQ in Brussels . The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universit . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussel . The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , Denmark and is affiliated to the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussel . The University was established in 1928 and the current Dean is Thomas Pallesen . There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmar . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has the Latin name of " Universitas Aarhuensis " . Established in 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Associatio . The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students and it ' s latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis . The Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum. . The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka in the country Indi . It ' s director is D . G. . Prabhukumar and it has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is in the city of Belgau . The exact location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090. " . The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 Postgraduate Students , its campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The University was established in 2000 and is found in Belgaum , India . Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . It currently has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the country India and has 700 postgraduate student . The institute has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgau . The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr.Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090. " . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce , can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . The book " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " by Virginia DeMarce , has ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was put in print . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , written by Eric Flint , can be found using it ' s ISBN number , 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form . In 1634 the Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was then put into print . 634 The Bavarian Crisis available in print is written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication written by Eric Flint . Eric Flint was the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by his novel 1634 : The Baltic War . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Eric Flint ' s book , " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " was preceded by " Grantville Gazette II. " . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . The author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which is available in print form , is Virginia DeMarce . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Virginia DeMarce is available in print form . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was published in print form . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and comes in hardcover . 1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in hardcover . Written by Virginia DeMarce , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , is available in hardcover . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Virginia DeMarce , is a hardcover publication . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , which was written by David Weber . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' is preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War ' which was written by David Weber . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' was preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War ' which was written by David Weber . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , both written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. was preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War. ' . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 The Bavarian Crisis which was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , it was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II , and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes . Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian crisis which is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , ISBN 1-4165-2060-0 , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 The Ram Rebellion , preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al and was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and published in print . Eric Flint wrote the printed book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair . Eric Flint wrote the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was born in Burbank , California . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , and was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Eric Flint , who wrote the book , " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , " was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . Both the African Americans ethnic group and the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion are from the United States . The USA is both the home to the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion and the African American ethnic groups . ' 1634 The Ram Rebellion ' was written in the United States , a country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , which includes many Asian Americans . The American book The Ram Rebellion was written in 1634 where Native Americans form one of the ethnic groups . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law and preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair . The Galileo Affair was written in 1634 , followed in the same year by The Ram Rebellion this was followed in 1635 by The Cannon Law . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law and 1634 The Galileo Affair . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst and the LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has an LCCN number of 89646863 an is abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst . The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1046-8188 and has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the ISSN number 1046-8188 . The abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems and the ISSN number is 1046-8188 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and the abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst and is part of the academic discipline of computer science . ACM Tran . In . Syst. is the abbreviation of ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery and is located in New York City . ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by the Association for Computing Machinery headquartered in New York City . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery , led by Alexander . Wolf . Alexander . Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machine which is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems . Alexander . Wolf. is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which published ACM Transactions on Information Systems . The AIDS journal , which studies HIV / AIDS , has the ISSN number 0269-9370 . The AIDS Journal , with ISSN number 1473-5571 , belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS . The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571 . The AIDS journal studies HIV / AIDS and The ISSN number is 1473-5571 . The AIDS journal was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS . The AIDS journal , first published in 1987 , is in HIV / AIDS studies . First published in 1987 , the Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS . The academic discipline of AIDS journal with IBN of 0269-9370 is HIV . AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and comes under the academic discipline HIV . The academic discipline of AIDS journal ( which has the ISSN number 1473-5571 ) is HIV . The AIDS journal in concerned with the study of AIDS / HIV . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV , studying HIV / AIDS . The journal AIDS , was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline HIV . The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK . The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the capital city is London . London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the country where AIDS journal is from . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , based in the United States . Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins which originated in the United States , publishes the journal AIDS . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by the United States company Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the journal AIDS . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , parented by the Wolters Kluwer company . AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv. " ) has a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " . The coden code for AIP Advances ( abbreviated " AIP Adv. " ) is AAIDBI . AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv. " ) covers the discipline of physics . AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv. " ) is devoted to the study of physics . Harvard University is the Alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson who is the editor of AIP Advances . Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who edited AIP Advances . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson whose Alma Mater was Harvard University . A. . Charlie Johnson , who edited AIP Advances , has Stanford University for an Alma mater . The doctoral advisor of A T Charlie Johnson , the editor of AIP Advances , was Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson , editor of AIP Advances , is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham . Michael Tinkham was the doctoral advisor to A T Charlie Johnson who is the editor of AIP Advances . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national . AIP Advances was edited by A. . Charlie Johnson from the United States . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances . A. . Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances , he resides in the United States . AIP Advances ( AIP Adv ) has the impact factor 1.524 . AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) has the impact factor 1.524 . The impact factor of AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv. , is 1.524 . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 . J. . Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice and the OCLC number is 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and written in the English language . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and originally published in English . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and was originally published in English . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English the language spoken in Great Britain . The hardcover book , A Fortress of Gary , has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in hardcover with the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . J.V , Jones is the author of the hardcovered book , A Fortress of Grey Ice . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones and was produced in Hardcover . A Fortress of Grey Ice released in Hardcover was written by J. . Jones . " A Fortress of Grey Ice " was published by Tor Books , a subsidiary of Macmillian Publishers . Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Tor Books who publish A Fortress of Grey Ice . A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . The OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 and the ISNN is 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the OCLC number 76798317 . The OCLC number of the currently in print book " A Glastonbury Romance " is 76798317 . The OCLC number of " A Glastonbury Romance " is 76798317 , and it is available in print . The author of A Glastonbury Romance , published by The Bodley Head , is John Cowper Powys . The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , and it is published by The Bodley Head . John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which is published by The Bodley Head . ' A Glastonbury Romance ' was followed by ' Weymouth Sands ' which was authored by John Cowper Powys . The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " the author of which is John Cowper Powys . " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " written by John Cowper Powys . " A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover and as the OCLC number 76798317 . ' A Glastonbury Romance ' has the OCLC number 76798317 and is available in hardcover . " A Glastonbury Romance " which has 1174 pages can be found in hardcover . A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 pages . A Glastonbury Romance , 1174 pages , is available in hardcover . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages , and its ISBN number is 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance with the ISBN 0-7156-3648-0 has 1174 . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent and was written by John Cowper Powys . " A Glastonbury Romance , " by John Cowper Powys , was preceded by " Wolf Solent. " . John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is followed by A Glastonbury Romance . A Glastonbury Romance was preceded By Wolf Solent written by John Cowper Powys . A Glastonbury Romance , which was written by John Cowper Powys , is published by Simon & Schuster . Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance , written by John Cowper Powys . Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance written by John Cowper Powys . A Glastonbuy Romance is published by The Bodley Head , whose founder is Charles Elkin Mathews . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 . The ISBN number of the hardcover A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 . The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and is available in hardcover . The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 , and is available in hardcover . The book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way " , which comes from Ireland . The book A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and the second book in the series is The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and is followed by the book The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland and was published by Viking Press . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking press . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland where white people are an ethnic group . A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has The ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 . With and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 , A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback . A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in print & paperback . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has 292 pages . Available in hardcover , A Long Long Way is 292 pages in length . The 292-page A Long , Long Way is available in hardcover . The novel A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture . " The Secret Scripture " followed the book " A Long Long Way , " which was preceded by " Annie Dunne. " . Annie Dunne was followed by A Long Long Way and The Secret Scripture . The book " A Long , Long Way , " which was followed by " The Secret Scripture , " is published by Viking Press . Published by Viking Press , the novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book A Loyal Character Dancer has 360 pages and the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . The 360-page " A Loyal Character Dancer , " has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . The book A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xialong and has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , with ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 . A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 . Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , OCLC number 49805501 . A Loyal Character Dancer written by Qiu Xiaolong can be found in hardcover . ' A Loyal Character Dancer ' was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in hardcover . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D.C . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , . C . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States which has as its capital Washington . C . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group . In almost unrelated facts both the Native Americans ethnic group and the book A Loyal Character Dancer originate in the USA . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , a country where the original ethnic group is Native American . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where English is the language . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , a country whose official language is English . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the language is English . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , which has Barack Obama as leader . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States which is , unrelatedly , lead by a president . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the leader is known as the President . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer is in print and has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . A loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is based in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press . A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 . Assigned the OCLC number 8805735 , ' A Severed Wasp ' can be found in print . A Severed Wasp , available in print has the OCLC number 8805735 . The book " A Severed Wasp , " with OCLC number 8805735 , is currently in print . Madeline L ' Engle is an author , influenced by George MacDonald , who wrote A Severed Wasp . Madeleine L ' Engle , author of A Severed Wasp , was influenced by George MacDonald . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , which counts African Americans among its ethnic groups . A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . ' A Severed Wasp ' is from the United States , a country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A severed Wasp originates from the United States , a country where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . A Severed Wasp , from the United States , was written in the English language . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in the English language . The 388-page " A Severed Wasp " has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 . A book called A Severed Wasp has 388 pages in total . A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in print . A severed Wasp , a 388-page book , was published in hardback . A Severed Wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages . There are 388 pages in the book " A Severed Wasp " which was published in hardback . Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar , Straus and Giroux who published A severed wasp . A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux which is a subsidiary of Macmillan Publishers . A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane , and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . " A Wizard of Mars " by Diane Duane has ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . the author Diane Duane wrote the book A wizard of Mars , which can be found under the ISBN " 978-0-15-204770-2 " . Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is available in print form . A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in print form . Diane Duane authored A Wizard of Mars which was published in print . A Wizard of Mars is American Literatur . Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that country . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States in English . A Wizard of Mars is published in English and originates from the United States . A Wizard of Mars is published in English , the language that is spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover . A Wizard of Mars , which was written by Diane Duane , was published in hardback . A Wizard of Mars , published by Harcourt , was preceded by Wizards at War . Harcourt is the publisher of A Wizard of Mars , which was preceded by Wizards at War . Wizards at War preceded A Wizard of Mars which was published by Harcourt . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg can be located by the ISSN number " 0025-5858 " and has the abbreviation Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) is 0025-5858 . With a LCCN number 32024459 , Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg abbreviated form is Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg . With the LCCN number 32024459 , Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the abbreviation Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg ) is 32024459 . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , which has the abbreviation Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg , has the CODEN code AMHAAJ . The CODEN code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) is AMHAAJ . " Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg and is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviating to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , or Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. for short , is about the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . ' Above the Veil ' authored by Garth Nix has a OCLC number of 46451790 . Above the Veil has the OCLC number 46451790 and was written by Garth Nix . ' Above the Veil ' which was written by Garth Nix , has the OCLC number 46451790 . Garth Nix is the author of " Above the Veil , " ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil , ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 , is written by Garth Nix . The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil a book produced in Print was authored by Garth Nix . Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which was produced in print . Above the Veil is written by Garth Nix and produced in print . Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which is available in hardcover . The author of Above the Veil available in hardcover is Garth Nix . Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and followed by Into Battle . The novel " Into Battle " followed " Above the Veil " which is the sequel to Aenir . Aenir is followed by Above the Veil and the novel Into Battle . Above the Veil is 248 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil is 248 pages long and ISBN number is 0-439-17685-9 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " and the ISSN number of " 1588-2632 " . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " and the ISSN number 1588-2632 . Acta Matgematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar " and the ISSN number is 1588-2632 . 83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica which has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Mat . Hungar ) has the LCCN number 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica with code AMAHE9 is abbreviated with Acta Mat . Hungar . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica CODEN code is " AMAHE9 " and is also known as Acta Mat . Hungar . The CODEN code for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is " AMAHE9 " and the abbreviation is Acta Math.Hungar . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " and comes under the discipline of Math . The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Mat . Hungar and covers the academic discipline of Mathematics . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviation : Acta Mat . Hungar ) discipline is Math . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. has a LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s has the abbreviated name Acta Palaeonto . Pol. and an LCCN number of 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) has a CODEN code of " APGPAC " . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is " APGPAC " and the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The CODEN code for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , is APGPAC . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) , has the ISSN number " 1732-2421 " . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 . Paleobiology is the academic discipline of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The Acta Palaeontologica Polinica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , which can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , is academically focused on Paleontology . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences which has its headquarters in Warsaw . The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . The Polish Academy of Sciences , based in Poland , is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . The Polish Academy of Sciences which serves Poland publishes the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . Addiction ( Journal ) has the CODEN Code ADICE5 and is abbreviated to Addiction . Addiction Journal has the CODEN Code ADICE5. and is often abbreviated as Addiction . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and the CODEN code " ADICE5 " . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and an LCCN number of 93645978 . Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the LCCN number 93645978 . The journal Addiction ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the LCCN number 93645978 . Addiction Journal , abbreviated to Addiction , is about addiction . The Addiction journal , about addiction , is also known as just ' Addiction ' . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which published Addiction journal . The Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q ) has a LLCN number of 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admi . Sc . Q , LLCN number is 57059226 . Admi . Sc . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the LCCN number of 57059226 . The ISSN number for Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admi . Sc . Q ) is 0001-8392 . Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admi . Sc . Q. , has ISSN number 0001-8392 . The ISSN number " 0001-8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly , which abbreviates to Admi . Sc . Q . The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admi . Sc . Q ) is Management . The abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admi . Sc . Q. and it comes under the academic discipline of Management . The Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated " Admi . Sc . Q , " comes under the academic discipline of Management . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . As well as being affiliated with the Association of American Universities , Cornell University publishes Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University in the city of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which has the nickname of Cornell Big Red . Cornell University , which goes by the nickname Cornell Big Red , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Conrnell University , nicknamed Conrnell Big Red , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University where Elizabetth Garrett is the president . Cornell University , headed by president Elizabeth Garrett , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in the state of New York . Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is based in New York . Cornell University in New York is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The author of Aenir , OCLC number 45644811 , is Garth Nix . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and its OCLC number is 45644811 . Aenir is available in print and was written by Garth Nix . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was produced in print . The author of Aenir is Garth Nix and is available in print . Aenir is a paperback and was written by Garth Nix . The author of the paperback book Aenir is Garth Nix . Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir , both Australian novels . Above the Veil and it ' s sequel Aeinir are examples of Austrlian literature . The book Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil . The book " Aenir , " written in English , was followed by " Above the Veil. " . The novel Aenir , written in English , was followed by Above the Veil . Aenir is available in print and has the ISBN number of " 0-439-17684-0 " . Aenir with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 is a print production . Aenir has a total of 233 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir , ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 has 233 pages . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has an OCLC number of 78771100 . " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the OCLC number 7877110 . Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians written by Brandon Sanderson is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Brandon Sanderson , who was born in Lincoln , Nebraska , wrote " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. " . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Lincoln , Nebraska native Brandon Sanderson . The United states is both the home of the African American ethnic group and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which is almost totally unreleated . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the . S. where there is an ethnic group of African Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from The United States . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the U.S . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , the language originated in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in English , the national language of Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English the language spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , available in print , has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . The book ' Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian ' is in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has an OCLC number of 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and its OCLC number is 7877110 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a 320-page hardcover book . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has 320 pages . The 320-page book , " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " is currently in print . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics whose EISSN number is 1080 . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics , 1080 is the EISSN number . The American Journal of Mathematics ISSN 0002-9327 is often abbreviated as A . . Math . The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviated title of A . . Math. and the ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The ISSN number " 0002-9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematics which has the abbreviated title of Am.J.Math . The book American Journal of Mathematics , identified by ISSN number 1080-6377 , is abbreviated by A . . Math . The American Journal of Mathematics , also known as A . . Math , has an ISSN number 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreivated to A . . Math. , was first published in 1878 . With an impact Factor of 1.337 , The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation A . . Math . John Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics . The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University based in the United States . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV which is part of the family Retrovirus . Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone . The novel Into Battle is followed by The Violet Keystone and Above the Veil . The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle , which followed Above the Veil . A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . A Glastonbury Romance is authored by Shirley , Derbyshire native John Cowper Powys . John Cowpher Powys wrote A Glastonbury Romance and was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys , who also wrote A Glastonbury Romance . Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance are both novels written by John Cowper Powys . John Coper Powys wrote the novel Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance . Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance were both novels written by John Cowper Powys . Wolf Solent is a notable work of author John Cowper Powys who also wrote A Glastonbury Romance . SAGE Publications founded by Sara Miller McCune publishes the Administrative Society Quarterly . Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications which is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications , which publishes Administrative Society Quarterly . The book The Secret Scriptures , published by Faber and Faber , followed the book " A Long Long Way " . AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK where English is the spoken language . The AIDS Journal was published in the UK , where David Cameron was a leader . AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK where David Cameron is the leader . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the leader is David Cameron . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC . ' A severed Wasp ' comes from the United States where the capital is Washington , D.C . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital is Washington . C . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Asian Americans form one of the ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where there are many Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , which counts Asian Americans among its ethnic groups . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is the home of a severed wasp . In almost unrelated facts both Asian Americans and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians come from the U.S . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S where there are many Asian Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an example of American Literatur . White people are a part of the U.S ' s ethnic make-up . ' Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians ' is from The United States , the country where White Americans live . " A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , of which English is the language . " A Wizard of Mars " was published in the United States , where the official language is English . English is the language of the United States the country where the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States therefore is written in english . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S where Barack Obama is the leader . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the president . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S where Barack Obama is President . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , led by President Barack Obama . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where Barack Obama is president . ' A Wizard of Mars ' was published in the United States , the country where Barack Obama is the leader . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the President is the head of state . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S where the title of the leader is President . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the title of the leader is President . The leader of the United States is the Presiden . This country is home to the severed Wasp . " A Wizard of Mars " was published in the United States , where the leader is known as the President . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the title of the leader is the President . A Long Long Way is published by Viking press in the United States . Wizards at War , which preceded A Wizard of Mars is published by Harcourt . Wizards at War , which was preceded by A Wizard of Mars was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) . Wizards at War , followed by A Wizard of Mars , was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) . John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row located in Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin . 103 Colmore Row , located at Colmore Row , was designed by the architect , John Madin . John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row , located in Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin , born in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham . Architect John Madin , born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row . John Madin was an architect from Birmingham who designed 103 Colmore Row . John Madin from Birmingham was the architect of 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row at Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row actually on Colmore Row has 23 floors . There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England and has 23 floors . 103 Colmore Row , designed by architect John Madin , is located in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham is a building with 23 floors . 108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars and has 50 floors . 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia . The 108 S . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia . The architect of 11 Diagonal Street , completed in 1983 , was Helmut Jahn . Completed in 1983 , the architect of 11 Diagonal Street was Helmut Jahn . 11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 . 11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was completed in 1983 . 11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was designed by Helmut Jahn . 11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and it ' s architect is Helmut Jahn . 11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited . 11 Diagonal Street which has 20 floors is owned by Redefine Properties . Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans . There is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans and the address 11 Diagonal Street is also located in South Africa . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where white South Africans are an ethnic group . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , a country led by Cyril Ramaphosa . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is called Jacob Zuma . Jacob Zuma is the leader of South Africa which is also the location of 11 Diagonal Street . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which is led by Jacob Zuma . 200 Public Square finished in 1985 has 45 floors . 200 Public Square , which has 45 floors , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 . There are 45 floors of 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Ohio , 44114 . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , USA . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , governed by Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is governed by Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio . 200 Public square is in Cleveland , which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio . 200 Public Square is found in Cleveland , Ohio . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio . 200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Public Square , Cleveland . 20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and was begun in January 2009 . Construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 and the building has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145.3 square meters . 20 Fenchurch Street , with a floor area of 62145.3 square metres , was completed in April of 2014 . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street , which has a floor count of 34 , was completed in April 2014 . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 , and has 34 floors . 20 Fenchurch Street , with 34 floors , was completed April 2014 . Boris Johnson is the leader of London , the city where 20 Fenchurch Street is located . The leader of London is Boris Johnson and is home to 20 Fenchurch Street . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London whose leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led by the parliament of the United Kingdom . The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London , the city in which 20 Fenchurch Street is located . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , where the currency is pounds sterling . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , whose currency is the Pound sterling . The pound sterling is the currency of the United Kingdom , which is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where we call the natives British people . 20 Fenchurch Street is in the United Kingdom where the denonym for natives is British people . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom which is occupied by British People which is the demonym for the natives . Elizabeth 11 is a leader in the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street is also located in the United Kingdom . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II . 250 Delaware Ave. was begun in January 2014 and has 12 floors . The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , which has 12 floors , began in January 2014 . 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12 . 250 Delaware Ave. in Buffalo , N.Y. is a Postmodern style . 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in Buffalo , New York . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12 and is located in Buffalo New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York and has 12 floors . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York which is in Erie County New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , which is part of Erie County New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , which is part of Erie County New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , New York State . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo which is part of New York . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo which is a part of New York . Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York , where 250 Delaware Avenue is located . 240 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , where Byron Brown is the leader . 250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture and is located in the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue ( which has a total of 12 floors ) is located in the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor count of 12 . 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle , a building that was completed in 2009 . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and was designed by Pickard Chilton . Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , in the United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , US . 300 North LaSalle is located in Cook County , Chicago , Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in Cook County , Illinois . 300 North La Salle is located in Chicago which is part of Cook County , Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago part of Du Page County in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is a part of Dupage County , Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Chciago , in the State of Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is lead by Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , whose leader is called Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and 300 North LaSalle is also located in that city . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is lead by Susana Mendoza . The architect of 300 North Lasalle located in Illinois was Pickard Chilton . Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle which is in Illinois . The architect of 300 North LaSalle , Illinois is Pickard Chilton . 300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois in the United States . 300 North LaSalle is in Illinois which is a state in the United States . 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors . The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres tall and has 22 floors . The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres and has 22 floors . HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 . 3Arena was completed on December 2008 and it ' s architect was the company Populous . The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and was designed by the company Populous . The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and the architect was the company Populous . Populous were architects that designed the 3Arena that is in North Wall , Dublin . Populous is the architect of 3Arena located at North Wall , Dublin . The 3Arena , designed by the company Populous , is located at East Link Bridge . Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at East Link Bridge . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located on North Wall Quay . The 3Arena , designed by the architectural company Populous , is located at " North Wall Quay " . The architect of 3Arena ( on North Wall Quay ) was the company Populous . The 3Arena is located at " North Wall Quay. " , and was built by the company Populous . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , which can be found in Dublin . 3 Arena is located in Dublin and its architect was HOK SVE . 3 Arena is in Dublin which is part of Leinster . Located in Dublin , a part of Leinster , is the 3Arena . 3Arena is located in Dublin in Leinster . 3Arena at the North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena is located in North Wall Quay and it ' s owner is Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena is located in North Wall , Dublin and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . The owner of 3Arena , located at North Wall , Dublin , is Live Nation Entertainment . Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena at North Wall in Dublin . The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3XN . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm . The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 814 rooms was developed by the Bella Center . Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 814 rooms . The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen has 814 rooms and was developed by the Bella Center . The Mariott International Hotel in Denmark is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen whose architect was 3XN is owned by Bella Center . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of 3XN and is owned by Bella Center . 3XN was the architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center . The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ( which has 23 floors ) is Bella Center . The owner of the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center . Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , one of whose key people is Bill Marriott . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in the Marriott International Hotel overseen by Bill Marriott of Marriott International . Adare Manore is located in Adare which is a part of Munster . Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster . Adare Manor is located in Adare in Munster . The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 . James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor , completed in 1862 . The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin , whose birthplace is Bloomsbury . Augustus Pugin , the architect of Adare Manor , was born in Bloomsbury . August Pugin was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster . James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor , designed by Lewis Cottingham , was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor was completed in 1862 , and was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham . Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 . Adare Manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by Philip Charles Hardwick . Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , which is led by Enda Kenny . Both the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa City hall began being constructed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . Addis Ababa City Hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . The Addis Ababa City Hall was built in 1961 and has 140000 square metre floor area . Addis Adaba City Hall was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . Addis Ababa City Hall , with a 140000.0 ( square metres ) floor area , was completed in 1964 . Addis Ababa City Hall , with a floor area of 140000 , 0 square metres , was completed in 1964 . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia , where the currency is the Ethiopian birr . The Ethiopian Birr is the currency of Ethiopia while The Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia , where the currency is the Ethiopian Birr . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoken . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia where they speak Amharic . The language of Ethiopia is Amharic and the Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia . The Addis Ababa City Hall is where the Government of Addis Ababa is currently located and it ' s floor area covers 140000.0 ( square metres ) . Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa . The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall , which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Addis Ababa city hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa which is in the country of Ethiopia . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Adisham Hall whose architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian is located in Haputale . The architecture style of adisham hall of Haputale , is Tudor and jacabian . Adisham Hall which is located in Sri Lanka has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . The architectural style of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka is Tudor and Jacobean . Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style , and it is located in Haputale . Adisham Hall is styled as Tudor Revival and found in Haputale . Located in Haputale , Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival in style . Adisham Hall , Haputale was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , whose currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka , which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe . Admisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall in Haputale , Sri Lanka , was finished in 1931 . Admisham Hall , completed in 1931 , is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . The construction of Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka . Finished in 1931 , Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . The Akita Museum has 3 floors and an area of 3746.66 ( square meters ) . The Akita Museum of Art is located on 3 floors and is 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is found in Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , part of Akita Prefecture . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , and is part of Akita Prefecture . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , in the Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is located in The Akita Prefecture in Japan . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan . Alan . Miller Hall is at 101 Ukrop Way and was completed on 1 June 2009 . Alan . Miller Hall was completed on " 1 June 2009 " , and it ' s address is 101 Ukrop Way . Robert . . Stern is the architect of Alan . Miller Hall of which The Mason School of Business is the current tenant . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which was designed by Robert A M Stern . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern . Alan B Miller Hall ( which was inaugurated on 2009-10-02 ) has the address " 101 Ukrop Way " . Alan . Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way was inagurated on 2009-10-02 . The inauguration date of Alan . Miller Hall , located at 101 Ukrop Way , was October 2 , 2009 . The Alan . Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary in Virginia . Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary , which is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall . The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan . Miller Hall in the United States . Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan . Miller Hall which is located in the United States . The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , Ahmedabad near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road . The prime minister of India is Narendra Modi and Amdavad ni Gufa is also located in India . Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is found . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country which has Sumitra Mahajan as one of its leaders . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India . The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat Ahmedabad . Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad , Gujarat . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad . Ampara Hospital ( bed count 476 ) is located in Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital , with a count of 473 beds , is in Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds . The Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , Ampara . Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in the Easter Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , a part of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Sri Lanka ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is home to the Ampara Hospital . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles , who was born in England . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles , who was born in England . Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House and died in Kendall County , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles who died in Kendall County , Texas . Alfred Giles , architect of The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House died in Kendall County , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , located in Asherton , Texas , has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton Texas and has a reference number of 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House in Asherton , Texas , is 88002539 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle House , constructed in 1911 , is located in Asherton , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , built in 1911. is located in Asherton , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 , and is located in Asherton , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U. . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is at U. . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22 , 1988 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , built in 1911 , is located at U. . Route 83 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U. . Route 83 and was built in 1911 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , USA . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas in the United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , a part of Dimmit County , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which is part of Dimmit County , Texas . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which is a part of the United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas in the United States . Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds . Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan , who was born in California . Julia Morgan from San Francisco was the designer of the Asilomar Conference Grounds . The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco . Asilomar State Beach is one of the significant buildings designed by architect Julia Morgan , who also designed The Asilomar Conference Grounds . Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach . Julie Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco . Julia Morgan was the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference . Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Gardens , and the landmark Los Angeles Herald Examiner building in California . Julia Morgan is the architect of the grounds of the Asilomar Conference as well as many other significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building . Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and The Riverside Art Museum . Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem . Asilomar Conference Grounds , which is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , with the American Craftsman architectural style , is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds , which has the architectural style of American Craftsman , is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California . The Asilomar Conference Grounds were made in 1913 and are on the Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , CA . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California. 87000823 is it ' s reference number in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asilomar Conference Grounds , with an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture , is located at Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds , with an architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement , is located in Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and has the architectural style of Arts and Crafts Movement . Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove , California . The Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at Pacific Grove , California . Constructed in 1913 , the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove , California . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California in the United States . The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in Pacific Grove , California in the United States . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California which is in the United States . Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , CA is part of the state of California . The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , which is part of California . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , a part of California . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street and were built in 1904 . Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . Asser Levy Public Baths located at Avenue A , Manhattan. and constructed in 1904 . Asser Levy Public Baths , which was built in 1904 , is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan were constructed in 1904 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan , which is a part of New York . Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan , New York . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders . Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , which is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , where the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found . The Asser Levy Public Baths which was built in 1904 is located in New York City . The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City which is part of Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City of which New Netherland is a part . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which is part of New Netherland . 3Arena is located in Dublin , in the Republic of Ireland . 3 Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia which is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located . The leader of Ethipoia is Hailemarian Desalegn and Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia whose leader is Malatu Teshome . The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia . The demonym for people living in India , where Amdavad ni Gufa is located , is Indian . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India and the demonym for people living in India is Indian . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , which is populated by Indian People . Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington , D.C . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel whose headquarters are in Bethseda , Maryland . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , the company that is located in Bethesda , Maryland . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which has its office at Bethesda Maryland . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States , and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . The Mason School of Business is the tenant of the Alan B Miller Hall in the United States . The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B Miller Hall in the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , in which English is the main language . English is the language of the United States , where 250 Delaware Avenue is located . 250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader . A leader of the United States , which is home to 250 Delaware Avenue , is John Roberts . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is lead by Paul Ryan . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader is Paul Ryan . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA and it ' s leader is the President . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader has the title of President . Pete Stoger is manager of . FC Koln and plays for the Austria national football team . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for the Austria national football team . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln and plays for the Austria National Football team . Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club and manages 1 FC Koln . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin as well as being a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln and plays for LASK Linz . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger , who plays for LASK Linz . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and played for the club LASK Linz . FC Köln played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga , the team has 50000 members . . FC Köln has 50000 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga . . FC Köln has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season . 2014 saw . FC Koln participating , and they have 50000 members . 2014 saw . FC Koln , with 50000 members , participating . 1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members . 1FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig . The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he is now manager of FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel , is part of the club . FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel , manager of FC Magdeburg , is also part of the club . FC Union Berlin . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club . FC Union Berlin . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Härtel has managed the 1 FC Magdebur . He has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , but now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . 1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members . 1 FC Magdeburg , played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members . AC Cesana play in Serie B and their ground is in Cesena . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and the ground is in Cesena . A. . Cesena , whose ground is located in Italy , are in the Serie B league . A. . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they are in the Serie B league . . . Cesana , whose ground is located in Italy , plays in Serie B . A. . Cesena is in Italy and has 23900 members . A. . Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi . A. . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they play in Serie B . A. . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi , he played in Serie B . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for A.S. . Licata 1931 . Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been manager of A C Cesena . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and plays for A.S. . Licata 1931 . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena , he played for A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 . Massimo Drago , who played for A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 has been the manager of AC Cesena . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and played for A.S. . S. . Nola 1925 . Massimo Drago is connected to Delfino Pescara 1936 and manages A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago , played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio , and manages A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago , played for S.S. . Potenza Calcio , and has been the manager of A C Cesena . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and previously played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona , which is in the league , Serie A . Verona , Italy , is the home to A. . Chievo Verona playing in the Serie A league . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona , played in Serie A . AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members . With 39371 members , A. . Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . A. . Chievo Verona play in Verona and has 39371 members . A. . Chievo Verona , with 39371 members , plays in their ground at Verona . A.C.Chievo Verona play at Verona in Serie A . A. . Chievo Verona , play in Verona , in Serie A . Rolando Naran is a member of the Calio Cantania and is manager of A C Chievo Verona . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Carrarese Calcio . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , he played for Carrarese Calcio . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who plays for F. . Bari 1908 . Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran , who is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 SSD . Previously owning club Varese Calcio S.S.D. , Rolando Maran now manages club Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona . Rolando Moran manages A. . Chievo and is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who used to be at Varese Calcio S.S.D . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Vicenza Calcio . Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays at the Vicenza Calcio . Rolando Maran , in the Vicenza Calcio club , has managed AC Chievo Verona . Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A. . Lumezzane ) has 4150 members . The " Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA " is the complete name of the A. . Lumezzan . It has 4150 members . AC Lumezzane , has 4150 members , and play in the Lega Pro / A . A. . Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro / A league and has 4150 members . A.C Chievo Verona , is the club of Michele Marcolini , who has been the manager of AC Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini , manager of AC Lumezzane , plays for A. . Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane and plays for Atalanta B.C . Michele Marcolini once managed AC Lumezzan . He played for Atalanta BC . Michele Marcolini , who is in the Atalanta B.C. club , manages the A. . Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 and manages the AC Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane , he played for F. . Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and played for Torino FC . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who owns Torino FC . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane and attends the Torino F. . Club . Michele Marcolini played for Vicenza Calcio and manages A. . Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and is in the Vicenza Calcio club . The manager of A. . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Vicenza Calcio . The A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members and they play in the Lega Pro league . AC Lumezzane , play in the Lega Pro league , and have 4150 members . The A. . Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro . . . Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and is based in Metapan , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Primera Division is located in Metapan , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and its ground is in Metapan , El Salvador . The ground of AD Isidro Metapán , with 10000 members , is located in Metapán , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s is in Metapan , El Salvador and has 10000 members . A D Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and their home ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez . A. . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and are located at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez . A. . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez in the Salvadoran Primera Division league . A. . Isidro Metapan have 10000 members and play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez . A. . Isidro Metapán , are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and have 10000 members . 10000 members to date , AD Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan . A. . Isidro Metapán is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán and has 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division at its ground at Metapan . A. . Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division and their ground is in Metapán . A. . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league , he is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , plays for Alianza F.C. and has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez whose club is Alianza F.C . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is attached to the club CD Aguila . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is a member of C. . Aguila . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been a manager of A D Isidro Metapan and is now a member of C. . Aguila . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez , who is a member of the El Salvador National Football Team , also manages the team . Once manager of A D Isidro Metapán , Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , plays for the El Salvador national football team . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athens . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , and the Euro is the currency . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the Greeks live . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the locals are called Greeks . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , inhabited by Greeks . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the language is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , the country where the language they speak is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Greek is spoken . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is headed by Alexis Tsipras . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , and a Greek leader is Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . A.F. . Blackpool has 1500 members and play at their ground , Jepson Way . A.F. . Blackpool has its grounds at Jepson Way and has 1500 members . A.F. . Blackpool ' s play area is The Mechanic . It has 1500 members . A.F. . Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics . AFC Blackpool ground is located in Blackpool and they play in the English Football League . English Football League club AFC Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool . A.F. . Blackpool play at their ground in Blackpool and is part of the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool , whose ground is located in Blackpool , plays in the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool ( the grounds of which are in Blackpool ) , play in the North West Counties Football League . AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and the ground is located in Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool . AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool and has 1500 members . Start Parker is manager at A.F. . Blackpool and plays for Blackpool F.C. . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackpool F.C . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who played football for Bury FC . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for the Bury FC . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who played football for Bury FC . Footballer Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F. . Blackpool and he is also attached to Chesterfield football club . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who is a member of the Chesterfield F.C . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who also played football at Drogheda United FC . Stuart Parker , is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C. and has been the manager of AFC Blackpool . Stuart Parker , who has managed AFC Blackpool , has represented the club KV Mechelen . Stuart Parker , who plays football for Stockport County F.C. and has been manager for AFC Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have had as their manager , Stuart Parker , whose football club was Stockport County F.C . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Stockport County F.C . A.F.C.Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Park and the club has 3180 members . AFC Fylde has the ground Kellamergh Park and also has 3180 members . A.F. . Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is Kellamergh Park . A.F. . Fylde ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire and the club has 3180 members . A.F. . Fylde have 3180 members and are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . A.F. . Fylde ground is Warton Fylde and it has 3180 members . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who once played for Bury F.C . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who used to play football for Bury FC . Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is the manager of AFC Fylde . Dave Challinor , is at Colwyn Bay FC , and manages A.F. . Fylde . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who plays at the Stockport County F.C . Dave Challinor manages A.F. . Fylde and plays at the Stockport County F.C . Dave Challinor , manager of AFC Fylde , played for Stockport County F.C . Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde , and he plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C . Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. , Dave Challinor , manages A.F. . Fylde . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor , who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C . It has 5300 members , and the full name of A. . Gubbio 1910 , is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . A. . Gubbio 1910 ' s full name is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. and it has 5300 members . Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to A. . Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party . A. . Gubbio has 5300 members and their ground is located in Italy . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the team have 5300 members . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the Italian language is spoken . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the Italian language is spoken . The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 , which has 5300 members , is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti . The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and the club has 5300 members . The A. . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D , the champions of which are S. . Robur Siena . A. . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league whose champions are SS Robur Siena . The A. . Gubbio 1910 , has 5300 members , and played in the 2014 season . A. . Gubbio 1910 hs 5300 members and were in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season . A. . Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season , it has 5300 members . A. . Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno , Italy and Serie B league . A. . Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , Italy , and the club plays in Serie B . Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio and has 19238 members . Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio , which has 19238 members . A.S Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , and it has 19238 members . A.S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno and has 19238 members . The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno . A S Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi , and the legue they play in is Serie B . A. . Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi and play in Serie B . AS Livorno Calcio with 19238 members is in Stadio Armando Picchi . A. . Livorno Calcio , has 19238 members , and has their home ground at the Stadio Armando Picchi . A. . Livorno Calcio , are managed by Christian Panucci , who has played for Chelsea FC . Christian Panucci is the manager of A. . Livorno Calcio and has played for Chelsea FC . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who is attached to the club Genoa CFC . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci , who played football for Genoa C.F.C . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for Inter Milan . Christian Panucci , manager of . . Livorno Calcio , used to play for Inter Milan . A. . Roma ' s chairman is James Pallotta , who was born in Boston . James Pallotta , who was born in Boston , is the chairman of A. . Roma . James Pallotta , born in Boston , is the chairman of A. . Roma . A. . Roma , which has 70634 members , have their grounds in Rome , Italy . AS Roma has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome , Italy . A. . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy , the team has 70634 members . AS Roma , in the Serie A league , has its grounds in Stadio Olimpico . A. . Roma play in Serie A and their ground is the Stadio Olimpico . A.S Roma ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico , and they play in the Serie A league . A.S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and has 70634 members . A.S Roma ' s has 70634 members and its grounds are at Stadio Olimpico . A.S Roma has 70634 members and their ground is Stadio Olimpico . A. . Roma play in Serie A and their stadium is in Rome . A. . Roma play in Serie A and have a ground in Rome . Luciano Spalletti , who was at the club Virtus Entella , manages A. . Roma . AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spallett , who plays for Virtus Entella . The manager of A. . Roma is Luciano Spalletti , who was at the club Virtus Entella . AS Roma has 70634 members and their grounds are in Rome . A. . Roma have a ground in Rome and has 70634 members . A. . Roma has 70634 members and have a ground in Rome . Paula Sousa , manager of ACF Florentina , is attached to club Inter Milan . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina , he played at the Inter Milan club . The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa , who plays at the Inter Milan club . ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members , The team competed in the 2014 season . ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members , and they competed in the 2014 season . ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season and they have 47290 members . ACF Fiorentina , have 47290 members , and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . ACF Fiorentina played the 2014-15 season in Serie A and their ground holds 47290 members . ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season . AEK Athens F.C. ' s ground is in Athens , the mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis . AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece , where their ground is located . AEK Athens ' s ground is in Greece and they compete in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece , and their ground is in Athens . AEK Athens F.C , member of the Superleague of Greece , has its ground in Athens . AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece , in which Olympiacos F.C. were past champions . AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece , the champions of which are , Olympiacos F.C . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece , Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the team . Gus Poyet has been the manager of AEK Athens FC and has also been a player for Chelsea F.C . AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who is in the Real Zaragoza club . AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet , who is associated with the Real Zaragoza , a football club . Gus Poyet is manager of AEK Athens FC and his club is Real Zaragoza . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC which has 69618 members . The ground for AEK Athens F.C. , which has 69618 members , is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer , who played for Al-Shamal Sports Club . Frank de Boer , played for Al-Shamal Sports Club and is the managerof AFC Ajax . Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team and plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club . The manager of AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer who is also attached to the club FC Barcelona . Frank de Boer who once played football for FC Barcelona now manages the AFC Ajax . The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer , who played for the Netherlands national football team . Frank de Boer , who played for the Netherlands national football team , is the manager of AFC Ajax . AFC stands for AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Aja . Its current membership is 53502 . AFC Ajax has 53502 members and they payed in season 2014 . AFC Ajax , which has 53502 members , played in the 2014 season . Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located . Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam , the city where AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground . Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located . Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , Sportpark De Toekomst , is operated by AFC Ajax . Sportpark De Toekomst is the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) and it is operated by AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , operated by AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. . Sportpark De Toekomst belongs to amateur AFC Ajax . Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst , the ground of AFC Ajax amateurs . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , with Ajax Youth Academy as tenant . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , with 5000 members , play in the Hoofdklasse league . AFC Ajax , whose amateurs play in the Hoofdklasse league , has 5000 members . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) play in the Hoofdklasse league and their ground has the capacity for 5000 fans . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and it has 5000 members . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season . AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and it has 5000 members . The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is the complete name for the AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) who played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , with full name " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Baku . The AZAL Arena is in Baku and is the ground of AZAL PFK . AZAL Arena , the ground of AZAL PFK , is located in Baku . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK , it is in Azerbaijan . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK who play in the Azerbaijan Premier League . The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena . The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League where the championship is held by Qarabag FK . AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the champions are Qarabag FK . Although AZAL PFK is in the Azerbaijan Premier League , Qarabag FK are the champions . There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK who are in season 2014 . AZAL PFK has 3500 members and competed in the 2014season . Azal Pfk are in season 2014 , and have 3500 members . AZAL PFK Bakou which has 3500 members is playing in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014–15 . AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15 and have 3500 members . AZ Alkmaar ' s ground is the AFAS Stadion and it has 17023 members . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and its ground is the AFAS Stadion . AZ Alkmaar has has 17023 members and their ground is the AFAS Stadion . John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and has previously been the manager for AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and manages AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , Brom also plays for De Graafschap . John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap and manages AZ Alkmaair . John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team but now manages the AZ Alkmaair . John van den Brom , who managed AZ Alkmaar , plays for Vitesse Arnhem . John van den Brom , who plays for Vitesse Arnhem , is the manager of AZ Alkmaar . John van den Brom , manager of AZ Alkmaar , is in Vitesse Arnhem . John van den Brom plays in İstanbulspor A. . He manages the İstanbulspor A.Ş . John van den Brom , who manages the AZ Alkmaair , plays for Istanulspor A.S . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie 2014-15 . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15 . AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members , played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15 . Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members . Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members . Owned by Max Huiberts , club AZ Alkmaar is the club of 17023 members . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonsec . It is located in Alagoas . Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense and is located in Alagoas . Estadio Municipal Coaracy de Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportive Arapiraquense and is located in Arapiraca . The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Club . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the league . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is from Brazil . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and are nicknamed Alvinegro . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , nicknamed Alvinegro , has 17000 members . Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members and the nickname Asa Gigante . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s nickname is Asa Gigante , and has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a nickname of Asa Gigante and contains 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , managed by Vica , has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members and are managed by Vica . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , who are managed by Vica , has 17 , 000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in 2015 . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members played in the 2015 season . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 , and they have 17000 members . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and they were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and their chairman is Dave Laughlin . Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin . Akrons Summit Assault has 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin . The ground of Akron Summit Assault is in St Vincent St Mary High School of Akron , Ohio . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio . S . Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio is where Akron Summit Assault is located . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in the United States . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault and is located in United States . S . Vincent-St.Mary High School in the United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . St Vincent-St Mary High School in Ohio is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . St Vincent-St Mary High School , located in the state of Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . S . Vincent–S . Mary High School , in the state of Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . The Premier Development League has K-W United F.C. , ( who have been champions ) and Akron Summit among its competing teams . Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League , which K-W United FC were once the champions of . In the Premier Development League , Akron Summit Assault play and the champions are K-W United FC . Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault , it has 3000 members . Akron Summit Assault , which has got 3000 members , was managed by Denzil Antonio . The manager of Akron Summit Assault , who play in the 2011 PDL season , is Denzil Antonio . Akron Summit Assault , ( managed by Denzil Antonio ) , played in the 2011 PDL season . Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault and they participated in the 2011 PDL season . Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and are in season 2011 . Akron Summit Assault , has 3000 members , and was in the 2011 season . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located near Rome , capital of Italy . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which has Rome as its capital . Italians inhabit Italy where the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the people who live there are called Italians . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which has the leader Sergio Mattarella . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the official language is Italian . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where unsurprisingly they speak Italian . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian . Luciano Spalletti , who manages A. . Roma , played for Udinese Calcio . Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and manages AS Roma . Luciano Spalletti manages A S Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio . Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago , who manages A. . Cesena , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio . Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and manages A. . Cesena . Barrow A.F.C. team won the championship before in the National League North , obviously they are in that league . The Olympic Stadium , located in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . The Olympic Stadium in Athens is where the AEK Athens football club play . The Olympic Stadium , in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) located in Marousi . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) in Marousi . Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is the manager of . FC Koln . The manager of . FC Koln isPeter Stöger , who plays for SK Rapid Wien club . Peter Stöger , the manager of . FC Köln , plays for SK Rapid Wien . Peter Stoger , manager of 1.FC Koln , is also in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club . Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is the manager of . FC Koln . A. . Chievo Verona play in Serie A where Juventus FC have been champions . Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A , and A. . Chievo Verona are also in the same competition . AS Roma play in the Serie A league where the champions are Juventus FC . Juventus FC have been Serie A champions and AS Roma play in the same league . Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A , A. . Roma also play in the same competition . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 and received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S . Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and his Alma Mater is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean ( born 1932-03-15 ) ' s alma mater was UT Austin B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean ( born on 1932-03-15 ) graduated from UT Austin in 1955 . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 and his alma mater was UT Austin BS , in 1955 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on Mar 15 , 1932 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas . Alan Bean was an American , who was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , United States . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is a citizen of the United States . Alan Bean is an American , born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler Texas , performed as a test pilot . Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , performs as a test pilot . Alan Bean was a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and pursued a career as a test pilot . Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) served as a test pilot . Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) served as test pilot . Alan Bean , a test pilot , was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean , hired by NASA in 1963 , spent over 69 days in space . After being recruited by NASA in 1963 , Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean , who was picked by NASA in 1963 for the space program , was in space for a total of 100 , 305 minutes . Astronaut Alan Bean , who was part of the Apollo 12 crew , retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean , who was one of the astronauts on Apollo 12 , retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean ( retired June 1981 ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean , a crew member of Apollo 12 , retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean , formerly a crew member of Apollo 12 retired in June 1981 . NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew included Alan Bean . Alan Bean was part of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA . Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . Alan Shepard , who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . 1957 NWC M.A. graduate Alan Shepard is a recipient of the United States Navy ' s Distinguished Service Medal . Alan Shepard who graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy . Born in New Hampshire , Alan Shepard got a distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the U. . Navy . Alan Shepard born in New Hampshire , was awarded the " Distinguished Service Medal " . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of United States Navy . Alan Shepard was born in the American state of New Hampshire . Alan Shepard is an American who was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard is a US citizen born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard has a US nationality and was born in the New Hampshire . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire ( US ( . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) died in California . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) died in California . Alan Shepard died in California on July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shepard died in California om July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shepard died in California on July 21st , 1998 . Alan Shepard died in California on 1998-07-21 . Alan Shephard passed away on 1998-07-21 in California . Dianne Feinstein is one of the senators of California , where Alan Shepard died . Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein was the Senator representing the state . American Alan Shepard was born on Nov. 18 , 1923 . Alan Shepard was an American who was born on November 18th , 1923 . In 1963 the Chief of the Astronaut office was Alan Shepard . In 1963 Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard held the position of the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , spent 13017 minutes in space . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017.0 minutes in space . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and he served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , later became the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , held the position of the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard is Chief of the Astronaut Office and was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire held the title Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire is the Chief of the Astronaut Office , . Alan Shepard was a member of the crew of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA . NASA ' s Apollo 14 saw Alan Shepard as one of its crew members . Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong which coincidentally is the birthplace of William Anders . Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. was commonly known as Buzz Aldrin and was born January 20 , 1930 . Edwin . Aldrin Junior ' s nickname was Buzz Aldrin and he was born on January 20th , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. in 1963 , has received 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , has received 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 , has won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 1963 and is the recipient of 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 196 . He obtained 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin , who retired on July 1 , 1971 , spent 52.0 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in outer space before he retired on January 7th , 1971 . Buzz Aldrin , who retired on July 1st 1971 , once spent 52 minutes in outer space . The American Buzz Aldrin is now retired . Leader , Joe Biden , and Buzz Aldrin are both American . Buzz Aldrin is a US national led by Joe Biden . Buzz Aldrin is united states citizen whose leader is Joe Biden . Buzz Aldrin , real name Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. , was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin , born Edwin Eugene Aldrin , was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin ' s real name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and he won the Legion of Merit ribbon . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was hired by NASA in 1963 . Retiree Buzz Aldrin joined NASA in 1963 . Alan Shepard died in California , the common place to find the gem Benitoite . California is well known for the gemstone benitoite , and as the state where Alan Shepard died . Alan Shepard died in California , which has as its gemstone , Benitoite . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . Alan Shepard ' s Distinguished Service Medal from the U. . Navy ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy and this is a medal that is ranked higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . in the higher rank of Department of Commerce Gold Medal Alan Shepard got one of the Distinguished Service Medal of United States Navy . Elliot See , who was born on July 23 , 1927 , graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See , a student at University of Texas at Austin and was born on 23rd July 1927 . Elliot See was was born in Dallas and was a student at University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was also born in Dallas , Texas . Elliot See was born in Dallas and went on to attend the University of Texas at Austin . Dallas native Eliot See ' s alma mater was the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas , Austi . He was born in Dallas . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , affiliated to the university of Texas system . Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is part of the University of Texas system . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . Elliot See ' s alma mater is the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . Elliot See died on February 28 , 1966 , in St Louis . Elliot See died in S . Louis on February 28th , 1966 . Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 / 02 / 1966 . Elliot See passed away on 1966-02-28 in S . Louis . Elliot See , who worked for NASA beginning in 1962 , died in S . Louis . Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis . Elliot See , who was selected by NASA in 1962 , died in S . Louis . Elliot See , who died in S . Louis , was selected by the NASA in 1962 . Elliot see selected by NASA in 1962 died in S . Louis . Elliot See died in S . Louis , the Kingdom of France . Elliot See died in St Louis situated in the Kingdom of France . Elliot See died in S . Louis which was once part of the Kingdom of France . Elliot See died in S . Louis ( part of Kingdom of France ) . Elliot See , who is now dead , was born in Dallas . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , has died . Eliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas . Elliot See , deceased. was born in Dallas . Elliot See , born in Dallas , has already passed away . Elliot See is died in S . Louis . Elliot See is deceased and died in S . Louis . Elliot See died in S . Louis . The purple finch is the bird of New Hampshire , the birthplace of Alan Shepard . purple finch is the bird of New Hampshire which is the birthplace of Alan Shepard . William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S . William Anders was born 1933-10-17 and he received a MS from AFIT . William Anders ( 1933-10-17 ) graduated from AFIT , in 1962 . William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 and his Alma Mater was AFIT , M.S. which he attended in 1962 . William Anders , who crewed Apollo 8 , retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders , who served as a crew member of Apollo 8 , retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was once a crew member of Apollo 8 and he retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders , crew member of Apollo 8 retired as of 1969-09-01 . William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , retired 1969 / 09 / 01 . William Anders retired the 1st of August in 196 . He was a crew member of the Apollo 8 . The American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , . William Anders , who was from the United States , was actually born in British Hong Kong . Although William Anders was from the United States , he was actually born in British Hong Kong . William Anders nationality is the United States , but he was born in Hong Kong . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong but has a United States nationality . William Anders from the United States was born in British Hong Kong . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a citizen of the United States . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and later in life became a fighter pilot . William Anders was a fighter pilot who was born in British , Hong Kong . Willian Anders born in British Hong Kong served as a fighter pilot . William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a fighter pilot . William Anders is a test pilot and member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . William Anders was part of the Apollo 8 crew and was once a fighter pilot . Williams Anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders time as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 has prepared him well for his new position as United States Ambassador to Norway . Both William Anders and Frank Borman served as crew members on Apollo 8 . Among the crew of Apollo 8 were William Anders and Frank Borman . Among the crew members of Apollo 8 were William Anders and Frank Borman . William Anders and Frank Borman were Apollo 8 were crew members . Born on October 17 , 1933 , William Anders was selected by NASA in 1963 . William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 and joined NASA in 1963 . Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco which originates from the country of Spain . Garlic is an ingredient in the regional dish of Spain ' s Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain that contains olive oil . Ajoblanco , which contains olive oil , originates from Spain . Ajoblanco contains water and is from Spain . Ajoblanco has water as an ingredient and comes from Spain . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the name for the people there are Spaniards . Ajoblanco is from spain as are Spaniards . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where Spaniards are from . Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group . Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from Spain . Ajoblanco , originating from the country of Spain , has almonds as one of its ingredients . Almond is an ingredient in the Spanish dish ajoblanco . Almond ( class : flowering plant ) , is an ingredient in ajoblanco . A flowering plant includes the division of Almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is an ingredient of Ajoblanco . Almonds are from the Rosaceae family and are an ingredient in ajoblanco . Ajoblanco has almond ( part of the Rosaceae family ) as one of its ingredients . Ajoblanco , a member of the Rosaceae family , includes the ingredient , almond . Almonds are an ingredient of Ajoblanco and is a member of the Rosales order . Almond is an ingredient found in ajoblanco , Almond is also a member of the Rosales order . The order Rosids features almonds which are an ingredient in ajobanco . Almond is part of the order of Rosids and is an ingredient in ajoblanco . The Rosids has Almond as part of the order and its also an ingredient of ajoblanco . Ajoblanco is a food from Andalusia and garlic is one of its ingredients . Garlic is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia . Ajoblanco , which contains olive oil , is a food found in Andalusia . Ajoblanco contains water and is from Andalusia . Ajoblanco contains water and is from the Andalusia region . Susana Diaz of edger Blanco is the leader of Andalusia . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region where Susana Diaz is the leader . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , where Susana Diaz is the leader . Guanciale is an ingredient in the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce . Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy . Amatriciana sauce contains olive oil and comes from Italy . Amatriciana sauce , which includes the ingredient olive oil , can be found in Italy . Olive oil is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy . Pecorino Romano is an ingredient used in Amatriciana sauce , which comes from Italy . Pecorino romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , which comes from Italy . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and is where the Italian language is spoken . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the leader is Laura Boldrini . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso where amatriciana sauce can be found . Amatricana sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy , which is where Amatriciana sauce comes from . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy where Amatriciana sauce comes from . Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy , which is also where Amatriciana sauce comes from . Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . one Amatriciana sauce variation is onion , garlic , black pepper and chili- sometimes garlic is added . Variations of Amatriciana sauce includes onion , garlic , black pepper , and chili . One variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper , chili , another just uses the onion as an alternative . Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce which has several variations including garlic , black pepper and chili . An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato ( a member of the Solanales order ) . Tomatoes , which are one of the members of the order Solanales , is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is from Lazio . Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio . Olive oil is used in the Lazio regions Amatriciana sauce . Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio . Amatriciana sauce , containing olive oil , comes from the region of Lazio . Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region and one of its ingredients is pecorino romano . Banana leaf is an ingredient of arem arem which originates from Indonesia . Arem arem contains banana leaf and originates from Indonesia . Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem and its currency is the Indonesian Rupiah . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , the currency there is the rupiah . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken . The country of Indonesia , where Indonesian is spoken , commonly serves Arem-arem . The banana leaf , an ingredient found in Arem arem , is an Indonesian dish , most popular in Java . Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java and it uses banana leaf as an ingredient . Arem-arem is nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java and one of the ingredients is banana leaf . Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem , a dish from Java . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish and uses the ingredient banana leaf . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains banana leaf . Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java and it ' s main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of Arem-arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java . Arem-arem is an Indonesian dish but more specific to Java and has the main ingredients of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem arem is a dish comprised of compressed rice , cooked in banana leaves and filled with vegetables or meat , is an Indonesian recipe . To make an Arem-Arem you need compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and this meal originates from Indonesia . Indonesian dish Arem Arem includes the filling compressed rice , ( cooked in a banana leaf ) with vegetables or minced meat . Arem arem has its origins in Indonesian speaking , Indonesia . Arem arem is a food which comes from Indonesia , whose leader is Joko Widodo . Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Arem arem comes from . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo where arem arem comes from . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The main ingredients of Arem-arem , a Javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Pietro Grasson is the leader of Italy , where arrabbiata sauce can be found . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader . An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome , is chili pepper . An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce ( from the Rome region ) is chili pepper . The chili pepper serves as an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from Rome . An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy , is garlic . The Italian sauce Arrabbiata contains garlic . Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome and includes the ingredient garlic . Arrabbiata sauce , a dish from Rome , includes garlic as a component . Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome . Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Rome . The Rome region created the Arrabbiata sauce and it has an ingredient called tomato . Tomato ( from the family of solanaceae ) is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce . Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and are an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce . Tomatoes are members of the Solanaceae famil . They are used in Arrabbiata sauce . Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is from the order Solanales . Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales and it ' s used in Arrabbiata sauce . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arros negre which is from Spain . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , Cubanelle is an ingredient . Cubanelle is an ingredient in the Spanish dish of Arros negre . Arros negre is a traditional Spanish dish made with Cubanelle . Arròs negre is from Spain and it uses cuttlefish as an ingredient . Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain . Arros negre contains white rice as an ingredient and it comes from Spain . From the Catalonia region in Spain comes the traditional dish called Arros Negre . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain . Arros negre is from Catalonia , Spain . Arròs negre is from Spain , where Spaniards live . Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain and one of the traditional dishes there is Arròs negre . Arros negre is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group . Arròs negre is from Spain , which is populated by Spaniards . The spanish dish arros negre is traditional . Arros negre is from Spain and it ' s leader is Felipe VI . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where one can find Arros negre . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonia regional dish , Arros negre . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonian dish of Arros negre . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and is the region that Arros negre is from . The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia and in this region you can find Arros negre . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region and it ' s leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia . Arros negre , which contains squid , comes from the region of the Valencian Community . Arros negre includes squid among its ingredients and comes from the region of the Valencian Community . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community and has squid as one of its ingredients . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Ximo Puig is a leader . Indonesia is home to the Asam Pedas which are from the Malay Peninsula region . Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula and Indonesia . Asam pedas is an Indonesian dish found in the Malay Peninsula . Asam pedas is an Indonesia dish popular with Joko Widodo . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo which is where Asam pedas comes from . Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of Asam pedas which is a food found in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . The main ingredients of the Malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and originates from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions . Asam pedas is found in the region of Malaysia , Sumatra and Malay peninsula . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra which is a food found in Malaysia . Sumatran dish asam pedas is found in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , of which the capital city is Putrajaya . Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is one of the foods . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia whose capital is Putrajaya . Malaysia includes the Malaysian chinese and is a locale for the dish : Asam pedas . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food , . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , a country that has Malay people as an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malay are an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abdul Halim of Kedah is it ' s leader . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and it ' s leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah . Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where one of the local foods is asam pedas . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abu Zahar Ujang is it ' s leader . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader . Arifin Zakaria is leader of Malaysia , where Asam pedas is found . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Arifin Zakaria is the leader . Asam pedas is a dish found in Malaysia. where the leader is Arifin Zakaria . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the leader is Najib Razak . Asam pedas can be found in the country of Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak . Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia and is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula and is from Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia . The dish of asam pedas is from Sumatra in Indonesia and Malaysia . Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia , Malaysia and Sumatra . Avocado ( Laurales order ) is included in the Bandeja paisa dish . The order of laurales has avocado which an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa . Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a member of the Laurales plant order . Ayam penyet , which comes from Java , has fried chicken in it . Ayam penyet is and Indonesian dish that contains fried chicken . Fried chicken is an ingredient in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from Indonesia . Fried chicken is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Ayam penyet . " Squeezed " or " smashed " Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , it is served with sambal . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the dish ' ayam penyet ' . The chicken dish ayam penyet has fried chicken in it . Fried chicken is included in ayam penyet . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal; it is from Indonesia . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the Indonesian dish of ayam penyet . Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a food that can be found nationwide , in Java and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia , Singapore and Java . Ayam penyet , a dish which contains fried chicken , can be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet , which uses fried chicken , is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penet is popular in Malaysia and also found in Java . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , and it comes from the region of Malaysia . Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia where Ayam penyet is a popular dish . Ayam Penyet derives from the country of Malaysia which has an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese people . Fried chicken is an ingredient of Ayam penyet which is from the region of Singapore . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and it has fried chicken in it . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Chinese is spoken . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore whose leader is Tony Tan . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where the leader is Tony Tan . Bacon is an ingredient of the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States . Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington , D.C . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and the capital is Washington , D.C . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is where the bacon explosion comes from . The United States is home to the Bacon Explosion and African Americans . Bacon explosion is a dish from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Bacon Explosion comes from . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Native Americans and country Bacon Explosion both are from the United States . White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the Bacon Explosion originates . The Bacon Explosion is from the United States , where white Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The English language is used in the United States where people can find the Bacon Explosion . English and Bacon Explosion are both found in the US . Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States where the Bacon Explosion comes from . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader . Sausage is a main ingredient in the dish ' Bacon Explosion ' , which also contains bacon . Bacon and sausage are ingredients in a Bacon Explosion . Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion but it also uses bacon . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and contains bacon . Bacon is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion , which is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon Explosion is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . Bacon Explosion is a main course that has sausage as an ingredient . Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion , originating from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon Explosion , which includes sausage , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon Explosion , containing sausage , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Bacon Explosion is a dish made of sausage and bacon . Bacon and sausage make up a bacon explosion . Ingredients used in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . Brown sauce can be added to a bacon sandwich and its nicknames include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon Sandwich includes brown sauc . The bacon sandwich also goes by the following : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Many condiments can be used to enhance the flavour of a bacon sandwich which is also referred to as a Bacon Butty , Bacon Sarnie , Rasher Sandwich , Bacon Sanger , Piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . A bacon sandwich , usually containing added condiments , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich goes by the names : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , and bacon muffi . Condiments are included in a bacon sandwich . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and not surprisingly includes bacon as an ingredient . Bacon is the main ingredient of the bacon sandwich that comes from the United Kingdom . The UK is famous for its liking of the Bacon Sandwich which features a surprising main ingredient called bacon . A bacon sandwich , which comes from the United Kingdom , consists of bacon inside two slices of bread . Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom . Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which are popular in the UK . A bacon sandwich with brown sauce is popular in the UK . An ingredient in a bacon sandwhich is brown sauce and bacon sandwiches are popular in the U.K . A Bacon sandwich is prepared with condiments and is a dish from the United Kingdom . Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches which come from United Kingdom . The bacon sandwich , to which ketchup is often added , comes from the United Kingdom . A tasty addition to a bacon sandwich is ketchup which is popular in the UK . You can use bacon inside a BLT sandwich which also includes lettuce as one of the ingredients . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT , it includes lettuce . When lettuce is added to a bacon sandwich it is known as a BLT . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT and one of the ingredients is tomatoes . One variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , in which the tomato is a key ingredient . Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT and a bacon sandwhich is a variation . A better variation of the bacon sandwich is BLT which also includes lettuce and tomato . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which includes the ingredient bacon . Bacon is an ingredient of a BLT; or bacon sandwich . Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the BLT . Condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches and a variation is the BLT . The bacon sandwich , containing ketchup , is a variation of BLT . Ketchup is included in the bacon sandwich , also referred to as a BLT . One of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup , and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Baked Alaska , which has ice cream as an ingredient , is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China . Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which originated in United States , France or China . Meringue is found in Baked Alaska which France , USA and China claim to have invented . Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China and has meringue as an ingredient . Baked Alaska with meringue is from France , the US and China . France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska , which is made from sponge cake . Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish in China . Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from China . Baked Alaska is from China and one of the ingredients in it is ice cream . Baked Alaska comes from the country of France , where French is the national language . Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the language spoken . Baked Alaska is from France , where french is spoken . Baked Alaska originates from the country of France who has Gerard Larcher as the leader . Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher . Baked Alaska is from the United States and includes the ingredient Christmas pudding . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ( U.S. consumed ) Baked Alaska . Christmas pudding can be an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States . Ice Cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish found in the U.S . Baked Alaska is an American dish made with ice cream . Baked Alaska , made with ice cream is from the US . Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US . Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the United States . Baked Alaska and Sandesh are both desserts . Baked Alaska and Sandesh are desserts . Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . The dessert , Blackwell pudding , includes : ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it ' s main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and some of the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which uses ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane . Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and originates from the Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and the ingredients include ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and hails from the Derbyshire Dales . Bakewell pudding is from Derbyshire Dales region which is found if the County of Derbyshire . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbyshire . Derbyshire has an area within it called the Derbyshire dales where Bakewell pudding originates . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Bakewell pudding , a classic dessert , can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . Bakewell pudding includes : Ground almond , jam , butter and eggs and can be served fresh ( and warm ) or cold . Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding ( which can be served warm or cold ) are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding can be served either fresh and warm , or cold . Bakewell pudding can be served freshly baked ( warm ) or served cold . Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is made in China . Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which is made in China . Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia . Celery is included in the Indonesian dish , Bakso . Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia . Bakso , which has ground beef in it , is a dish from the country of Indonesia . Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia . Beef is an ingredient of Bakso , from Chinese cuisine . Beef is an ingredient in the Chinese dish Bakso . Basko , a Chinese dish , is made with beef as a main ingredient . Noodles are used in Bakso which is a type of food that is made in China . The Chinese dish Bakso contains noodles . Bakso contains noodles and comes from Indonesia . Bakso is a dish containing noodles , from Indonesia . Bakso is a noodle dish that comes from Indonesia . Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China . Bakso is from the chinese cuisine and contains tapioca . Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia . Columbian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , Hogao . Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine and one of the ingredients is pork belly . Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombia . Pork belly is an ingredient in the typical colombian dish of bandeja paisa . Bandeja paisa is a popular Colombian cuisine , originating from the Antioquia Department region . A typical dish found in Columbia is Bandeja paisa , which comes from the Antioquia Department region . Bandeja paisa is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia Department region . Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region . Columbian Bandeja paisa boasts the ingredient Arepa . The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa . Avocado , a member of the Lauraceae family , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Advocado is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of the Lauraceae family . An ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . Persea is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa . Columbian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , avocado . Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and uses avocado in it . Colombian cuisine includes a dish which has black pudding as an ingredient and that is called bandeja paisa . Columbian Bandeja pasta includes the component , black pudding . Chorizo is an ingredient of the typical Colombian cuisine known as Bandeja Paisa . Bandeja paisa , containing Chorizo , is part of Columbian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine , it includes a fried egg . Columbian bandeja paisa includes a fried egg . Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a dish from Colombian cuisine . Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is part of Columbian cuisine . Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is typical Colombian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and it uses ground meat . Bandeja pasta ( Columbia ) includes the ingredient , kidney beans . Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish and has lemon as one of the ingredients . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine . Bandeja paisa includes a member of the Rutaceae family; lemon . Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a member of the Rutaceae family . Lemons are classified in the order sapindales and are an ingredient in bandeja paisa . A Bandeja Paisa uses the ingredient of a lemon and its included in the order of the Sapindales . Barny Cakes originated in France , where French is a spoken language . Barny cakes come from France where French is the national language . Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken . Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is François Hollande . The country Barny Cakes come from is France , where Francois Hollande is a leader . The leader of France is Gerard Larcher and the country is home to the dish known as Barny cakes . Barny cakes are available in France , where Gerard Larcher is the leader . Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher . Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls is a leader . Barny cakes are found in France where Manual Valls is a leader . Barney cakes contain 4.8g of fat and 18g of carbs . Barny Cakes contain 4.8g of fat and 18.0g of carbohydrates . Barny cakes contain 4.8 g of fat and have 18 g of carbohydrates . Barny cakes can be found in France and are made with sponge cake . Barny cakes , which are made from sponge cake , come from France . Barny cakes come from France and are made with sponge cake . Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18 g of carbs . Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18.0g of carbohydrates . Barny Cakes ( 1999 introduction ) have 18 g. or carbohydrates . Barny cakes have 18.0g of carbohydrates and were invented in 1999 . Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs and were invented in 1999 . Batagor has these main ingredients : fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and comes from Indonesia . A batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and can be found in Indonesia . Batagor ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and it is found in Indonesia . Batagor is a hot dish served in Indonesia . The country of Indonesia like to serve hot dishes of the main meal Batagor . Batagor ( which is a variation of Sioay ) and shumai are variations on the same dish . Batagor , Siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish . The Siomay dish has variations including Batagor and Shumai . Batagor is a variation of a Siomay dish found in Indonesia . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and is found in Indonesia . Shumai is a variation of Batagor which has Peanut sauce as an ingredient . You can use peanut sauce as an ingredient of Batagor and Shumai is a variation of the same dish . Batagor is a variation of Shumai and it uses peanut sauce . The Philippines like to enjoy the dish Batchoy which has a main ingredient of Beef . Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines . Noodles are an ingredient in the Philippines dish called Batchoy . An ingredient in batchoy are noodles and they originate from the Philippines . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and one of the ingredients in it is pork . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , it includes the ingredient pork . Vegetables are ingredients of Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines . Vegetables are used in Batchoy which is from the country of the Phillippines . Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , is mainly comprised of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy comes from the Philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , one of the ethnic groups there is the Igorot people . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Ilocano people are an ethnic group . Batchoy is a dis found in the Phillipines; the Ilocano people are an ethnic group living there . The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten . Batchoy and the ethnic group The Moro People come from the Philippines . Batchoy is eaten by the Moro people , an ethnic group in the Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef and it ' s served as a soup course . Batchoy is a soup dish made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , is made with chicken . Batchoy includes chicken which is a class of bird . Batchoy includes poultry ( bird ) ; chicken . Chicken ( a bird ) , is an ingredient found in Batchoy . Noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are main ingredients of Batchoy which is found in La Paz , Iloilo City . Batchoy which originated in La Paz , Iloilo City uses noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef as it ' s main ingredients . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia , it includes oyster sauce . Oyster sauce is used in Beef kway teow which is a popular food of Indonesia . Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is an Indonesian dish . Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food in Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and it contains palm sugar . Indonesian dish Beef Kway teow is made with sesame oil . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from Indonesia . Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the popular Singapore dish of Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is a Singapore dish which contains oyster sauce . Oyster sauce is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is a dish from Sinagpore . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which is a dish popular in Singapore . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from Singapore . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish . Standard Chinese is spoken in the beef kway teow regional dishes ' origin of Singapore . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where standard Chinese is spoken . Beef Kway Teow uses Oyster sauce as an ingredient and is made in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow , found in Singapore and Indonesia , includes oyster sauce . Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore , it includes palm sugar as an ingredient . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , made in Singapore and Indonesia . Sesame oil is an ingredient in the Singapore and Indonesian dish , beef kway teow . Beef kway teow comes from Singaporae region where the English language is spoken . English is spoken in Singapore where beef kway teow is a dish . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and the counrty ' s leader is Halimah Yacob . Beef kway teow is a dish of Halimah Yacob led , Singapore . Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji and contains gram flour . Bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which uses gram flour . Bhajji , also known as Bhaji and bajji , is a dish which contains vegetables . Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables . Vegetables are included in the dishes Bhaji and Bajji . Bhajji , made from gram flour , originates from India . Bhajji , which are made of vegetables , originated in the country of India . The country of India makes a dish called Bhajji , the main ingredients being vegetables . Vegatables are an ingredient in bhajji which comes from India . The main ingredients in Bhajji , an Indian dish , are gram flour and vegetables . India is the origin of Bhajji , a dish that includes : gram flour and vegetables . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which originates in India . Bhajji comes from the country India where Narendra Modi is a leader . Gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which are found in the Karnataka region . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region , and contain gram flour . The Karnataka region enjoys bhajji which have the ingredient of gram flour . Bhajji includes vegetables that come from the Karnataka region . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region and it ' s leader is Vajubhai Vala . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region where the leader is Vajubhai Vala . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka , where Bhajji originates from . A variation of pakora can be achieved by adding paneer , pakora is related to bhajji . Pakora can be varied by using paneer , and is similar to the snacks Bhajjis . Bhajji is a dish made from whet or corn flour and includes vegetables . Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses vegetables as one of the ingredients . The Philippine dish of Binignit contains banana as an ingredient . A dish found in the Philippines is binignit which contains bananas . Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains coconut milk . Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit , which can be found in the Philippines . Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a Philippine dish . Binignit is a dish from the Phillippines , whose ingredients include taro . Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which comes from the Philippines . Binignit is an ingredient found in taro and originates from the Philippines . Binignit and cookies are both a type of dessert . Binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . Binignit should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert , as is Binignit . Two types of deserts that can be served are Binignit and Sandesh . Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit which comes from the Philippines . Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes , it is a dish of the Phillippines . Binignit comes from the Philippines and one of the ingredients is sweet potato . Binignit is made of sweet potato and coconut milk . Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes but the main ingredient is coconut milk . Two ingredients for Binignit is Taro and sweet potato . Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato and sweet potato belongs to Solanales order of plants . An ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato which is part of the order of Solanales . Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanles are in binignit recipes . One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and this dish can be found in the Philippines . The main ingredient of Binignit , found in the Philippines , is coconut milk . Sago is the main ingredient of binigit , found in the Phillippines . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and one of the main ingredients is the sweet potato . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and the main ingredient is sweet potatoes . Biniignit from the Phillippines is made with sweet potatoes . The main ingredients of Binignit are the sweet potato and coconut milk . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato but it also uses coconut milk . Binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient , and sago . Binignit contains the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also contains sago . Binignit includes sweet potato as a main ingredient as well as sago . Sweet potatoes are a main ingredient of binignit and taro is also an ingredient . The dish Binignit can be found in the Philippines , it ' s main ingredient is Taro . Condensed milk is an ingredient found in the Mexican food of Bionico . Condensed milk is used in Bionicle which is found in Mexico . Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico , which is a food found in Mexico . Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in Mexico . Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is a Mexican food . Bionico is a food that contains raisins and is found in Mexico . Raisins can be found in Bionico which is a food found in Mexico . Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico which is a Mexican food dish . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , it includes sour cream . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken . Bionico is a food from Mexico where one of the languages used is Mexican Spanish . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the language is Spanish . When in Mexico , you ' ll want to know Spanish is their spoken language and Bionico is a food found there . In Mexico the spoken language is Spanish and they eat Bionico . Bionico is a food found in Mexico and it ' s leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico , which has condensed milk in it , is a dish served for dessert . Condensed milk is included in the dessert , Bionico . Bionico contains raisins and is served as a dessert . Bionico is a dessert which contains raisins . Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of the dessert known as Bionico . Sour cream is included in the dessert , Bionico . Sour cream is an ingredient in the preparation of Bionico which is served as a dessert . Bionico and cookies are both dishes served for dessert . Bionico and cookie are types of dessert . Bionico and Cookie are both a type of dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Bionico are both served as desserts . Bionico is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . Bionico is a dish served for dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese . The ingredient condensed milk is used in Bionico and this derives from the region of Jalisco . Condensed milk is used in bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco . Bionico , made using condensed milk , is found in the region of Jalisco . Arros negre originates from Catalonia ( led by Carles Puigdemont ) . Arros negre is a region of Catalonia and Carles Puigdement is it ' s leader . Celery is a member of the genus Apium and is an ingredient of Bakso . Bakso contain celery , which is from the genus apium . Celery is of the Apium genus and is an ingredient in Bakso . Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong where Carrie Lam is a political leader . Carrie Lam is the politician who leads Hong Kong , where Baked Alaska originates . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where you will find Arem arem . Arem arem comes from Indonesia , a country led by Jusuf Kalla . Arem arem comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Jusuf Kalla led Indonesia boasts the popular Asam pedas dish . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where a popular dish is Asam pedas . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Bakso comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Basko is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the Leader . Italy ( capital : Rome ) is the origin of Amatriciana sauce . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce where the leader is Matteo Renzi . Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java; the Baduy are one of the ethnic groups found in the country . Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java where an ethnic group is Baduy . The country of Ayam penyet is Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group is the origin of Ayam penyet . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago . Mondelez International , founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cakes . Pakora , similar to Bahajji , can include cauliflower . The dish bhajji is related to pakora and cauliflower can be used in it . Batchoy is from The Philippines , which includes the Zamboangan people . Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten . In the country of the Philippines they speak Arabic and a common dish is Batchoy . Arabic is one of the languages in the Philippines where Binignit comes from . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where one of the languages used is Arabic . Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy comes from . Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten . The Philippines , where Philippine English is spoken , is the country Batchoy comes from . Binignit is a dish from the Philippines , where English is spoken . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English . In the Philippines , where Batchoy comes from , the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . Batchoy comes from the Philippines which is where Phillippine Spanish is spoken . English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where ayam penyet comes from . Ayam penyet is a regional Singapore cuisine , where English is a spoken language . English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where they speak English . Ayam penyet is from Singapore whose leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Tony Tan is it ' s leader . The Euro is the currency of Spain where arros negro comes from . In Spain , people pay for the traditional arros negre dish with the Euro . Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the euro is used . Ajoblanco is from Spain whose language is Spanish . Spain ( language : Spanish ) is the origin of the dish , Ajoblanco . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Spanish is spoken . Arros negre originates from Spanish speaking Spain . Ajoblanco originiates from Spain and Felipe VI is it ' s leader . Ajoblanco is from Spain and Felipe VI is it ' s leader . The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family . The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where the dish known as Baked Alaska can be found . Baked Alaska is from the United States ( along with ethnic African Americans ) . A Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States which has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups of the country . Baked Alaska and the ethnic Native Americans , originate from the United States . In the United States Native Americans are an ethnic group and Baked Alaska is a dish found there . Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus where Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader . Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus , it ' s leader is Jacob Bundsgaard . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , in Denmark . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , part of Central Denmark . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup Denmark . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2702.0 . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , and its runway length is 2702.0 . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2702.0 . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab and the runway length is 2702.0 . The Aarhus Airport , with a runway length of 2702 , is operated by Aktieselskab . The Aarhus airport , which has a runway length of 2702.0 , is operated by Aktieselskab . Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and the runway name is 10L / 28R . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has the runway known as 10L / 28R . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport , and its runway is called 10L / 28R . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport , where the runway name is 10R / 28L . The runway name at Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab , is " 10R / 28L " . Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthave A / S and the length of the runway is 2776.0 . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2776.0 metres . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 metres . The Aktieselkab organisation operates Aarhus Airport , which has a runway length of 2776.0 . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2777.0 meters . 546m above sea level , the length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet . The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3678 feet . Abilene Regional Airpot is 546 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3678 feet . The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport ( elevation 546 metres above sea level ) is made from asphalt . Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt . The Abilene Regional Airport lies 546 metres above sea level and its third runway is 7 , 202 feet long . The Abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 7202 feet . Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the length of the 3rd runway is 7202 feet . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , United States . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas United States . Abilene in Texas ( United States ) is served by the Abilene regional airport . The Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Jones County , Texas . Abilene is part of Taylor County , Texas and served by Abilene regional airport . Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas and is served by the Abilene regional airport . Abilene , Taylor County , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport . The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , is ABI . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 6573 ft in length . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 6573 metres . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 6 , 573 feet . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located in Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional airport is located at Harrietstown , New York and is 507 metres above sea level . Adirondack Regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located at Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has SLK as its location identifier . SLK is the I.D. of the Adirondack Regional Airport which is 507 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , in Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid , Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama at an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and is elevated 610 metres above sea level . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which has a runway length of 3500 is located in Paracuellos de Jarama . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 3500.0 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4100 . The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport , Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4100.0 . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located at Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4 , 100 . Located in Paracuellos de Jarama , theAdolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 4349.0 . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , in Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4 , 349 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4349.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama Spain . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain . In Madrid , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway with the length of 3 , 500 metres . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 3500 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport ( located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas ) has a runway that is 4349 metres long . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It has a runway length of 4349.0 . Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , has a runway that is 4349 metres long . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , is 4 , 349 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , which is part of Parana state . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazil . Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , part of the South Region in Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , South Region , Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airpor in São José dos Pinhais , is 2988 feet above sea level . Afonso Pena International Airport , with a runway length of 1800.00 , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Afonso Pena International Airport , operated by Infraero , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and Infraero is the operating organisation . Infraero in Brazil , operates Afonso Pena International Airport . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero who are located in Brazil . Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215.0 metres . 2215.0 is the length of the runway at Afonso Pena International Airport , São José dos Pinhais . The runway length at Afonso Pena International Airport , located in São José dos Pinhais , is 2215.0 . AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport , Agra . AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Agra . AGR is the IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport which is located in Agra . Agra airport is located in Agra and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG . Agra airport is in India and has the ATA location identifier AGR . Agra Airport , India , has an IATA Location Identifier of AGR . Agra airport is located in India and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG . The location identifier for Agra Airport , India is VIAG . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport which is in India is VIAG . Agra Airport is located in India , where the leader is Narendra Modi . Agra Airport is in India where the leader is Narendra Modi . The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Agra airport is located in that country . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR . AGR is the IATA location identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh with the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its ICAO identifier is VIAG . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is the leader . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , the leader there is Ram Naik . Agra Airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force . The operating organization for Agra Airport located in Agra , is the Indian Air Force . The Indian Air Force has a transport aircraft called the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and it also operates Agra Airport . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force , the operating organisation for Agra Airport . The Al Taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah . Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq . The length of the runway at Al-Taqaddum Air Base , which serves the city of Fallujah , is 3684.0 . The runway length of Al-Taqaddum air base is 4019.0 and it serves the city of Fallujah . Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , it ' s runway is 3078.48 long . Located at Al Anbar Province , in Iraq , Al Asad Airbase has a runway with the length of 3078.48 metres . Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48 . Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is 618 feet above sea level . Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Iraq . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , Iraq , is 3078.48 . Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a length of 3078.48m . Al Asad Airbase in Iraq has a runway length of 3090.0 . Al Asad Airbase , in Iraq , Has a runway length of 3990 . Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 990 . In Iraq , the Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3 , 990 metres . Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and the length of the runway is 3992.88 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , Iraq , is 3 , 992.88 . The United States Air Force , who operated Al Asad airbase , deploy the aircraft fighter known as General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which also uses the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft . The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U. . Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . Al Asad Airbase , operated by the United States Air Force , uses The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft carrier . Al Asad Airbase uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and is operated by The U. . Air Force . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force whose aircraft carriers transport the Lockheed AC-130 . The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 and also operates the Al Asad Airbase . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which carried out the US bombing of Libya . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses the transport aircraft , the Lockheed C-130 Hercules . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and uses the transport aircraft , Lockheed C-130 Hercules . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which use the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft . Al Asad airbase is located in the Al Anbar province in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0 . The Al Asad Airbase , located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , has a runway length of 3990 ft . Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq has a runway that ' s 3 , 992.88 long . The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 992.88 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . The city of Alderney is served by the Alderney Airport which has first runway made of asphalt . The first runway at Alderney airport , which serves Alderney , has an asphalt surface . Alderney is served by Alderney Airport where the 1st runway has an asphalt surface . Serving the city of Alderney , Alderney Airport ' s 1st runway is made from Poaceae . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport , which serves Alderney , is poaceae . The surface type of the 497.0 long runway at Alderney Airport is poaceae . The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497.0 and the 1st runway has a poaceae surface . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport , which is 497.0 in length , is made from Poaceae . Alderney Airport has a runway with a length of 733.0 metres and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae . The Alderney Airport has a runway length of 733 and its 1st runway surface is poaceae . The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae , which belongs to the order of Commelinids . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae , Poaceae is the order of Commelinid . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is of the order Poales . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is of the order Poales . The first runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is a member of the order of Poales . Alderney Airport serves the English speaking city of Alderney . The English language is spoken in Alderney which is served by Alderney airport . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , whose leader is Elizabeth II . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , the leader of which is Elizabeth II . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 497.0 . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan . In Pakistan , the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan with a runway length of 2900m . The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport , Pakistan , is 2900.0 . The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is 3 , 310 . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and the runway length is 3310.0 . Allama Iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360.12 and is located in Pakistan . The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan has a length of 3360.12 . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Mamnoon Hussain . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , the leader of the country is Mamnoon Hussain . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Mamnoon Hussain is a leader . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan whose leader is Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , of which Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader . Located in Punjab , in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 metres . The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan is 3360.12 long . Allama Iqbal international airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 3360.12 . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating authority of the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which is located in Punjab , Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan . Jinnah International Airport is the location of the HQ of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , who govern Allama Iqbal International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is located at Jinnah International airport , is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3310.0 and is found in Punjab , Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan; its runway length is 3 , 310 . lpena County Regional Airport is 210m above sea level , its first runway is 9001 feet long . The Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is owned by Alpena Country , Michigan . Aplena County Regional Airport , which is 210 metres above sea level is owned by Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County , Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport , which has an elevation above sea level of 210 metres . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Townshi . Alpena County , Michigan and it is 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA . The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN and is 210m a.s.l . Ipena County Regional Airport ( IPN ) is 210 metres above sea level . The Alpena County Regional Airport ' s location id is " APN " , and it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and its first runway is known as Number 18 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is known as Number 18 . The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18 , the airport is -3.3528 metres above sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and its 5th runway number is 18 . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has the number 18 . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has an asphalt surface . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the 5th runway is made of asphalt . Amsterdam Airport Schipol , which is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level , has a fifth runway with an asphalt surface . Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam , where the airport serving the city is called Amsterdam Airport Schipol . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , with a runway length of 3400.0 , serves the city of Amsterdam . Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway that is 3400 metres long . The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , has a runway length of 3453.0 . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3453.0 . The Amsterdam Airport , whose runway is 3800 feet , serves Amsterdam . Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3800.0 and it serves Amsterdam . The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer is -3.3528 metres above sea level . Andrews County , Texas has its county seat in Andrews , Texas and owns the airport with the same name . Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas , which has its seat in the county . Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas where the largest city is Andrews . The owner of Andrew County airport is Andrews County , Texas where the largest city is Andrews . Andrews , Texas is the largest city in Andrews County , Texas , which owns the Andrews County Airport . The 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet and it is 973 m above sea level . Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2939 feet . Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level and the 4th runway has a length of 25 feet . Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is 25ft . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , who ' s inhabitants are called Tejano . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where tejano is the demonym used . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the demonym is Tejano . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are called Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the locals are called Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where they speak English . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the spoken language is English . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where English is the spoken language . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Spanish is spoken . Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and is located in E11 . E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport , which is located 973 metres above sea level . Angola International Airport ' s 1st runway has the number 5 , and the elevation of the airport above the sea level is 159 m . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface . The Angola International Airport located in Icolo e Bengo is 159 meters above sea level . Angola International Airport , located in Ícolo e Bengo , is 159 metres above the sea level . The Angola International Airport which is 159 meters above sea level , is located at Ícolo e Bengo . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , part of Luanda Province . Angola International Airport serves Luanda and its runway is 4000 long . The arrondissement of Antwerp serves the city of Antwerp , where the Antwerp International Airport is located . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is administrated by the Arrondissement of Antwerp . Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . Antwerp in Belgium is served by the Antwerp international airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgium . Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp , which is served by Antwerp International airport . Bart De Wever is mayor of Antwerp , home of the Antwerp International Airport . Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish government . The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level . The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region and the operating organisation is the Flemish government . Antwerp International airport , operated by the Flemish government , has a runway length of 600 feet . The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and its runway is 600 long . The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction over Flanders . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and serves the city of Antwerp . Flemish Region owns Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp . Antwerp International Airport , serving the city of Antwerp , is owned by Flemish Region . Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport which is owned by Flemish Region . Owned by the Flemish Region , Antwerp International Airport ' s operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works . Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 1510.0 and is operated by The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works . The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works; its runway length is 600 . The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the operator of Antwerp International Airport , which has a runway length of 600.0 . The Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin . Appletone International Airport serves Appleton which is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin . The city , Appleton , Wisconsin is part of little chute , Wisconsin , and is served by Appleton International Airport . Little Chute is part of Appleton , Wisconsin which is served by Appleton International Airport . The Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the first runway built here has a length of 8002 feet . The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet and an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level , and its operators are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport in Greenville , Wisconsin is 280 metres above sea leve . Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , in the United States . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and the location ID , ATW . Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and has the location identifier ATW . The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW and is 280m a.s.l . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 1960 feet long . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and the 3rd runway is 1960 feet in length . At New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport , one of the runways is 518.0 long and the third runway is made of Poaceae . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518.0 . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s runway name is 03L / 21R and its surface type is Poaceae . New Zealand ' s Ardmore airport has the runway name 03L / 21 . It also has a third runway surface type which is Poaceae . Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a runway named 03R / 21L and interestingly the third runway is made of Poaceae . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) , which is called " 03R / 21L " , is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae and the runway is called " 03R / 21L " . New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport has a runway named 07 / 25 and its 3rd runway has a Poaceae surface . The third runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants . New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport has a third type of runway surface , Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the order Commelinids . New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport ' s 3rd runway is made of poaceae ( Commelinids order ) . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order of Commelinids . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is of the order Poales . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae of the Poales order . The third runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a surface type known as Poaceae which is of the Poales order . The Ardmore Airport which is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Auckland . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand , located in Wellington . Ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2953 feet . The Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has length of 2953 feet . Ashgabat International Airport ' s is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 2953 ft in length . The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA and the IATA location is ASB . Ashgabat International airport has an ICAO location identifier of UTAA , and an IATA location identifier of ASB . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it is 211 metres above sea level . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level is called Turkmenistan Airlines . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , it is 211m above sea level . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has Turkmenbashi International Airport as its hub . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport and has a runway length of 2989m . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat has a runway length of 2989 . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is a city in Greece . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece . The Athens international airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 4000 . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and its runway length is 4000 . Athens International Airport is located in Spata and is 94 metres above sea level . Athens International Airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is in Sparta . Athens International Airport is located in Spata , at 94 m above the sea level . Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey and has Don Guardian as its leader . Atlantic City , N.J. , which is led by Don Guardian , is served by the Atlantic City International Airport . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbour Township , which is located in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , NJ , which is part of Atlantic County . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23.0 metres above sea level . The Atlantic City International Airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 m above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Port Authority of New York . 13 / 31 is the name of a runway at Atlantic City International Airport , operated by Port Authorities of New York and New Jersey . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , which has the runway name of 13 / 31 . Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , has a runway named " 13 / 31 " . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based at the Four World Trade Centre and operates Atlantic City international airport . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , based in New York . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , headquartered in New York , is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority whose chief is Stephen Dilts . Atlantic City International Airport owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority who ' s chief is Stephen Dilts . Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts . The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , its runway length is 1 , 873 . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , where the runway length is 1873 . Atlantic City International Airport , run by the port authorities of New York and New jersey , ha a runway length of 1 , 873 . ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE , Madrid . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid . Atlantic City International Airport can be found in New Jersey in Egg Harbor Township . Antwerp international airport is operated by the Flemish government which has full jurisdiction . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government , which has jurisdiction over the Flemish Region . The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government who have jurisdiction of the Flemish Region . India ' s Air Force has a helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and also operates Agra Airport . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force who operates the Agra Airport . The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York which is part of Essex County , New York . Lake Placid , New York is part of Essex County , NY and it is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . Lake Placid , is part of Essex County , New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . Lake Placid , New York is part of New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid which is in and is a part of New York . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , which is part of the community of Madrid . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid , which is part of the community known by the same name . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the United States in the Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is classed as a Monocotyledon . Poaceae , of the class Monocotyledon , is the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and is used as the surface of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is covered with poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a type of flowering plant . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and it is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . Poaceae is the order of Commelinids , it is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , N.Y . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake in Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , U.S . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of the U.S . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania whose national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University ' s latin name is Universitas Apulensis and is located in Romania . Breaz Valer Daniel is the rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the city of Alba lulia and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba , Romania . There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor has an academic staff size of 250 people . AWH Engineering College has a staff size of 250 and is in the city of Kuttikkattoor . The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India . AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala in India . AWH Engineering College is situated in the state of Kerala , India . AWH Engineering College is located in India where the Ganges river flows . AWH Engineering College is in India where the Ganges River can be found . In 2001 the AWH Engineering College was established in the city of Kuttikkattoor . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . AWH Engineering College of the city Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland where the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Switzerland , which is home to Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann . Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio where there is an academic staff of 100 . The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botto and the school has an academic staff size of 100 people . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called Mario Botta . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and the dean is Mario Botta . The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which was created in 1996 , is Mario Botta . Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 . The number of students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 , is 600 . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which has 600 students , was established in 1996 . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " Nurturing Excellence " and there is an academic staff of 500 . Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff size of 500 and their motto is Nurturing Excellence . Located in the state of Karnataka , Acharya Institute of Technology is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology , in the city of Bangalore , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institue of Technology in India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in India . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in India in 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology in India was created in 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology of India was established in the year 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology of India has 10000 Undergraduate students . Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 Undergraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology has the official school colours of blue , white and orange and has the Outlook Ranking of 63 . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s ranking is 63 and its school colors are Blue , White and Orange . Alba Iulia in Romania is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia in Romania . Alba Iulia is a part of Alba County and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia which is part of Alba County . Denmark , which is home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark whose leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The Accademia di Archiettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , the neighboring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio is bordered by the Municipality of Meride . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Meride in Mendrisio . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania , has a large percentage of students from the native ethnic group , Germans of Romania . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and is primarily German . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania whose leader is Klaus Johannis . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania who has the patron saint Andrew the Apostle . The 1 Decembrie 1981 University , in Romania , is dedicated to the country ' s patron saint , Andrew the Apostle . Denmark ' s School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 people . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737 and is located in Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was created in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 with a staff size of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , which was created in 1928 , is affiliated with the European University Association . The type of government in Aarhus is that of magistrat . The city of Aarhus is where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus has a Magistrate as its government . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus which has Mols to its northeast . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , which has Mols to its northeast . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark which has the religion The Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is also where the Church of Denmark is located . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark as well as the Church of Denmark . Thomas Pallesen is dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University where there is an academic staff of 737 . Universitas Aarhusiensis is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Association . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association and its called Universitas Aarhusiensis in latin . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is located in Denmark . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in the United States , falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania and was erected in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , situated in Adams County , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , PA and was founded in 2000 . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County , Pennsylvania was established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , PA in Adams County . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , in Pennsylvania . The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , in Pennsylvania , falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 is in Pennsylvania . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in Pennsylvania in the year 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry is found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania , in the municipality of Gettysburg . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument can be found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , which was established on July 11th 1907 , belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded on July 11 , 1907 and belongs to the Historic districts of the U.S . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and was established in 1907-07-11 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is found in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States of America and is labelled as a historic district . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is located in United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was made on July 11 , 1907 and is located in the U.S . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 and is in the United States . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was founded July 11 , 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on 11th July 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established July 11 , 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments are in Maryland and are owned by the National Park Service . The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and located in the state of Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service and is in the state of Maryland . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania , where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located . To the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania where 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found lies Carroll County , Maryland . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which is northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , made of bronze , is 1932-07-27 . Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was bronze and was inaugurated on 1932-07-27 . The Atatürk Monument ( made of bronze ) in Izmir was inaugurated on 1932-07-27 . Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir , which is made of bronze . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica . The Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of Bronze . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaija . The capital is Baku . The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan . The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Ministe . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the leader is The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Ministe . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner created the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memoria . It is made of red granite and white marble . The designers of the Red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made with red granite and white marble . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Monument which is made of red granite and white marble . The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found . The National Assembly ( Azerbaijan ) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and made of red granite and white marble . The native name for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is know locally as Turk Sehitleri Anti was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and the designers are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The Dead Man ' s Plack is made from rock and is in ENgland . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , the capital of which is London . The Dead Man ' s Plack is in London , England . The Dead Man ' s Plack is in England honoring the British Arab ethnic group . The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , where one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located in Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monacacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey which capital is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira . The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey , where the currency is the lira . The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey which largest city is Istanbul . Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey , where the Atatürk Monument is located . " Drake Stevens , known as Airman , was created by George Kapitan . George Kapitan is the creator of the comic character " Airman " or otherwise known as " Drake Stevens " . The comic book character Airman , AKA Drake Stephens , was created by Harry Sahle . Drake Stevens is known as the comic character Airman , which was created by Harry Sahle . The comic character Airman , who has the alternative name Drake Stevens , was created by Harry Sahle . The creators of the comic character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . The comic book character Airman was created by both Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . The creators of the comic book character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . John Aman ( created by Bill Everett ) is also known as Amazing-Man in the comics genre . Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character , Amazing-Man who has the alternative name , John Aman . The comic book character Amazing-Man ' s alter ego is John Aman and it was created by Bill Everett . Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman , created the character , April O ' Neal . Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion , sometimes known as Ahri ' ahn . Created by Paul Kupperberg , the book character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn . Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion , otherwise known as Ahri ' ahn . The comic character Arion , also known as Ahri ' ahn , was created by Jan Duursema . Created by Jan Duursema , the comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn . The character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg . The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg . The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg . The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema , who has won the Eisner Award . The Eisner award winning Jan Duursema created the comic book character Arion . The comic character Asterix , sometimes called Astérix , was created by Albert Uderzo . The alternative name of Asterix ( comics character ) is " Astérix " and he was created by Albert Uderzo . The creator of Asterix , the comics character also known as Astérix , is René Goscinny . The comic character Asterix , sometimes called Astérix , was created by Rene Goscinny . The comic character Asterix ( also known as Astérix ) , was created by Rene Goscinny . The creator of Asterix , a comics character , is René Goscinny , who is French . Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny , who is a frenchman . Dick Dillin is the creator of the comic book character Aurakles . Dick Dillin was the creator of the comic book character Aurakles . Dick Dillin created the comic book character called Aurakles , whose alternative name is also Aurakles . Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein . The comic book character , Aurakles , was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein . The comic book character Aurakles was created by both Dick Dillin and Len Wein . Dick Dillian is an american who created the fictional character , Aurakles . Aurakles is a fictional character created by American national Dick Dillin . The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman . The character Auron , was created by Kark Kesel and Marv Worlfman , . The creators of Auron ( comics character ) are Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman . The comic character Auron was created by both Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson . Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron . The character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson . The comic character auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson . The comic book character Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson . Marv Wolfman created the comic book character Auron aka Lambien . The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman . The comic character Auron , otherwise known as " Lambien " was created by Marv Wolfman . The comic character Balder , full name , Balder Odinson was created by Stan Lee . An alternative name for the comic character Balder ( created by Stan Lee ) , is Balder Odinson . The comic character Balder , also known as Balder Odinson was created by Jack Kirby . Balder , otherwise known as Balder Odinson , was created by Jack Kirby . Jack Kirby and Stan Lee are the creators of the comic character Balder . The character Balder created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee . Jack Kirby and Stan Lee , created the comic character Balder . The comic character , Balder , was created by Jack Kirby , an American . The American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder . Michael Manley created the comic character , Ballistic , who has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao . The comic character , Ballistic , has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao , and was created by Michael Manley . Doug Moench and Michael Manley , created the comic character Ballistic . Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC which is headquartered in Broadcasting house . Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC , the BBC is headquartered in Broadcasting house . Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC which is based in the Broadcasting House in London . Located in London , the BBC , broadcast Bananaman . Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC , which is based in London . Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which is located in London . The BBC broadcasted Bananaman which starred Bill Oddie . Bill Oddies stars in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC . Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman broadcast by STV . Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October 1983 , and starred Bill Oddie . Bill Oddie ( born in Rochdale ) stars in Bananaman . Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale , starred in Bananaman . Bananaman starred Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale . Bananaman first aired on tv screens on the 3rd of October 1983 , and starred Graeme Garden . Bananaman , first aired 3 / 10 / 1983 , stars Graeme Garden . Graeme Garden , one of the stars of Bananaman , was born in Aberdeen . Bananaman stars Graeme Garden who was born in Aberdeen . Graeme Garden , born in Aberdeen , stars in Bananaman . Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV . Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV , . Bananaman which stars Jill Shilling is broadcasted by STV . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman , which was broadcasted by STV . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman , which is broadcast by STV . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred as Bananaman , which was broadcast by STV . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC . Tim Brooke Tayler starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC . Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke-Taylor , who starred in Bananaman . Tim Brooke-Tayler , born in Buxton , starred in bananaman . Born in Buxton , Tim Brooke-Taylor , starred in Bananaman . Tim Brooke-Taylor , born in England , starred in Bananaman . Tim Brooke Taylor , who starred in Bananaman , was born in England . Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England and starred in Bananaman . Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in the UK and starred in Bananaman . Born in the United Kingdom , Tim Brooke-Taylor , starred in Bananaman . Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax was created by both Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6 , starring Ryan Potter . Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter . Duncan Rouleau created Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 . Big Hero 6 , starring Damon Wayans Jr. , features the character Baymax . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars the actor Damon Wayans Jr . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 that starred Jamie Chung . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , where Jamie Chung is the star . Big Hero 6 , starring Jamie Chung , features the character Baymax . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which also starred Maya Rudolph . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Maya Rudolph . Maya Rudolph starred in the film Big Hero 6 , in which Baymax is a character . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , Scott Adsit starred in the movie version of Big Hero 6 . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit . Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook , Illinois and does the voice for Baymax . The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit , who was born in Northbrook , Illinois . Born in Northbrook Illinois , Scott Adsit , provides the voice for the character Baymax . The character Ben Urich ( Benjamin Urich ) was created by Gene Colan . Ben Urich ' s full name is actually Benjamin Urich , the character was created by Gene Colan . Ben Urich , full name Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan . The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan . comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , along with Gene Colan , created Ben Urich . Bo Bibbowski ( full name Bibbo Bibbowski ) was created by Jerry Ordway . Bo Bibbowski , otherwise known as Bibbo , was created by Jerry Ordway . Bo Bibbowski is often called Bibbo and was created by Jerry Ordway . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Alan Tudyk . The film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk , has a character called Baymax . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which starred Alan Tudyk . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which starred Ryan Potter . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 in which Ryan Potter stars . Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate and won the Inkpot Award . Sheldon Moldoff , creator of the Black Pirate , has won the Inkpot Award . The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff , who won the Inkpot Award . Blockbuster is a comic character that was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by both Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino . The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern . The creators of Blockbuster ( comics character ) are Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino . The comics character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern . The character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino . The character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Garcy Cohn . The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin . The character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin . Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin are among the creators of the comic character Bolt . The comic book character Bolt was created by both Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon . Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn created the comic character Bolt . Ernie Colón and comic book writer Gary Cohn were the creators of the comic character Bolt . Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn are some of the creators of the comic character Bolt . Ernie Colon , one of the creators of the character Bolt is a Puerto Rican national . Ernie Colon , a Puerto Rican national , created Bolt . The creators of the comic character , Bolt , were Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin . The character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin . Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins are creators of the comic character known as Bolt . The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon . The creators of the comic character , Bolt , are Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon . The creator of the comic character , Bolt , is Paris Cullins , A United States national . The character Bolt was created Paris Cullins , from the United States . Created by George Brenner , the full name of Bozo the Iron Man is " Hugh Hazzard " . Dane Whitman , aka the Black Knight was created by John Buscema . The Black Knight , ( also known as Dane Whitman ) , was created in the comics genre by John Buscema . Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight , which was created by John Buscema . The comic book character Dane Whitman ( otherwise known as the Black Knight ) , was created by both Roy Thomas and John Buscema . Dane Whitman , from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas . Dane Whitman , aka Black Night was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas . Dane Whitman , a.k. . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema ( American ) in the comics genre . Dane Whitman , a.k. . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema ( Amercian ) and considered to be in the comics genre . Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight which was created by Roy Thomas . Dane Whitman Black , also known as Dane Whitman was created by Roy Thomas . Duncan Rouleau is an American national who created Baymax . Gene Colan is the American national who created the character Ben Urich . Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan , an American . The American Gene Nolan created the character Ben Urich . The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel , an American . American , Karl Kesel , is the creator of the comic character , Auron . The American Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron . The American Roger McKenzie is a comic book writer who created the character Ben Urich . A United States national , comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of Ben Urich . Roger Mckenzie , the american comic book writer is the creator of Ben Urich . Sheldon Moldoff is the American creator of Black Pirate . The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff , who was an American national . Sheldon Moldoff is an American who created the Black Pirate . Arrow , also known as Ralph Payne , was created by Paul Gustavson . Rick parker , aka the Arrow was created by Paul Gustavson . The character Arrow ' s alter ego is Rick Parker , created by Paul Gustavson . Rick Parker , aka the Arrow , was created by Paul Gustavson . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , where London is the capital , and the currency is pounds sterlin . Boris Johnson is the leader in London , and one of the leaders of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II . The United Kingdom uses the currency of the pound sterling and is lead by Elizabeth II along with Boris Johnso . The capital city is London and the country is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . 250 Delaware Avenue was built in Buffalo New York at a cost of 110 million dollar . Construction began in January 2014 and the building has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres . There are 12 floors at 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New Yor . Construction , which began in January 2014 cost 110 million dollars for a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States which is the location of the building at 300 North LaSalle which has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United State . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors , is located in Chicago which is part of DuPage County in Illinois , United State . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel . 3Arena ( owned by Live Nation Entertainment ) is located in Dublin , Republic of Irelan . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin , which is part of Leinster . 3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is located in Dublin , which is part of Leinster in the Republic of Irelan . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin . Located in Dublin , Leinster , 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainmen . Dublin is also part of the Republic of Ireland and is lead by Dáil Éireann . Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka in the Tudor and Jacobean style of architecture . Construction of Adisham Hall took place between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobea . It is located at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the language used in the country is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lank . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the language spoken there is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee . Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lank . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee and the language used is Tamil . Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka where the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupe . Adisham Hall is located in the country at Haputale . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte with Ranil Wickremesinghe as its leader and the Rupee as its currency . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where the capital is called Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . The main ethnic group in Japan are the Japanese and the leader is Tarō As . Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita which is part of Japan and the Akita Prefecture . " The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is located in Japa . The leader of Japan is Taro Aso and the main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanes . Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture. " . Akita Museum of Art is in the city of Akita , Japa . The main ethnic group in Japan are the Japanese , the leader is Taro Aso and Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , Indi . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , and the leader of India is Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad which is in Indi . The leader of India is Narendra Modi but the leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly . Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat , Ahmedabad which is in Indi . Gujarat ' s leader is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India; led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , including leader T S Thakur . The 476 bed Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leade . The country ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital , which has 476 beds , is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka lead by Austin Fernand . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . There are 476 beds at Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leade . Another leader within the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Julia Morgan , who was born in California , designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald examiner building , The Riverside Art Musuem and Hearst Castle . Julia Morgan was an architect born in Californi . She designed Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building . Asilomar Conference Grounds were designed by Julia Morgan ( born in California ) , who is known for a number of buildings , including Hearst Castle and The Riverside Art Museum , and her work in San Francisco ' s Chinatown . Julia Morgan , the architect , was born in California and some of her significant projects include : the Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and some buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan , born in California , was the architect behind the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and Chinatown in San Francisco . The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 191 . They are located in Pacific Grove , California and they were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27th 1987 ( with reference number 87000823 ) . The grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , Californi . They were constructed in 1913 with the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movemen . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with reference number " 87000823 " . The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 and are in Pacific Grove , Californi . They have an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 in a Romanesque Revival style , is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 , with Reference Number 80002709 . The Asser Levy baths are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan and have the Romanesque Revival style of architectur . They were built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places with the reference number 80002709 on 23 April 1980 . The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 in the architectural style of Romanesque Revival , and is located on 23rd Street , Manhatta . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980-04-23 " , with reference number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City , New York , United State . Another part of New York City is Manhattan where Gale Brewer is the leader . Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan which is part of New York City , New York , United State . New York City is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths are New York City , US.New York City and Manhattan are part of New Yor . The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , where the postal code is ' B ' . Andrew Mitchell is the leader of the city and Birmingham City Council is the governing body . The City Council is the governing body for Birmingham where Andrew Mitchell is a leade . The city has the B postcode and is the birthplace of the Architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . Birmingham is lead by Andrew Mitchell and the Birmingham City Counci . The town , which has the B postcode , is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome are leaders within Ethiopi . The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are both located within the country in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . The country is lead by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn , . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in the country . The President is the primary leader of English language speaking United States , ( includes leader John Roberts ) , has the ethnic African American group and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President of the United States , supported by the United States of America`s Chief Justice , John Robert . The main language is English , and one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States which is lead by a Presiden . The White Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country which uses the English language and is where 250 Delaware Avenue is located . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is spoke . The President of the United States is the main leader , alongside Joe Biden , and an ethnic group in the country is White Americans . From Andalusia , Spain , Ajoblanco is made with bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oi . Ajo blanco is an alternative name to Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo blanco is a dish from the Andalusian region of Spain and includes the main ingredients of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . A dish found in the Andalusian region of Spain is called Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) . It contains bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , and olive oil are main ingredients in the traditional Amatriciana sauce , which comes from the region of Lazio and can be found in an Italian meal . Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from Lazio , Ital . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italian food and comes from the country ' s Lazio region.The main ingredients of the sauce are guanciale , tomatoes , cheese , and olive oil . Arem-arem , a Javanese dish , is commonly served in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widod . It is also where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and where Indonesian language is the language spoken . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , a country where Rome is the capital , and both the people and the language spoken are Italia . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome , Italian is the language spoken and Sergio Mattarella is a leader . Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community which is where Arros negre comes fro . It is a a traditional dish from Spain , where the people are called Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Arros negre is from the Valencian Community of Spain , home to the Spaniards , led by Felipe VI and Ximo Puig . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , whose capital is Kuala Lumpur , and includes the Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indians . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia , whose capital is Kuala Lumpur , where Malaysian Indians and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups . Malaysia and the Malay Peninsula are home to the dish Asam peda . The capital of Malaysian Chinese and Indian inhabited Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur . Malaysian Indian and Malaysian chinese are two of the ethnic groups in Malaysia where Arifin Zakaria is the leade . Asam pedas is found in Malaysia and is from the Malay Peninsula region . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region , Malaysia , where ethnic groups include Malaysian Indian and Chines . Arifin Zakaria is the country ' s leader . Malaysia , led by Arifin Zakaria , is home to the Malaysian Indian and Chinese , as well as the asam pedas of the Malay Peninsula region . Ayam penyet is a Javanese dish made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapor . It should be served hot and contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is a hot food dish found in Java , Malaysia and Singapore and consists of fried chicken and sambal sauce . Ayam penyet is a food made in Java regions of Malaysia and Singapor . It contains fried chicken that is smashed and served hot with sambal . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia and Ayam Penyet is from ther . Ayam Penyet is also from Indonesia and it contains fried chicken as well as " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet is a dish comprising " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with samba . It can be found in Indonesia and in Malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called Malaysian Chinese . Ayam penyet ( origins : Indonesia ) contains squeezed / smashed fried chicken with sambel and is popular in Malaysi . Malasysia is home to the Malaysian chinese . Bacon Explosion is a dish that originates in the United States , where English is the language spoken and the capital is Washington D . Barack Obama is leader of the US and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country . Barack Obama is leader of United States , the home of the dish Bacon Explosio . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country , where Washington DC is the capital and English is the language spoken . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States whose leader is Barack Obam . The capital of the United States is Washington , D.C. , the spoken language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country . Baked Alaska originates from France where the national language is French and one of the leader is Gerard Larche . The dessert is served in Hong Kong as well where the leader is Carrie Lam . Baked Alaska comes from France where the spoken language is French , and the country ' s leader is Gerard Larche . This dessert is also served in Hong Kong . Baked Alaska , served in Hong Kong , who ' s political leader is Carrie Lam , but is actually from France where the national language is French and the leader is Gerard Larcher . Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . The tart is made with shortcrust pastry . The shortcrust pastry-based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) hails from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , which key ingredient is Shortcrust pastr . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , which leader is Patrick McLoughlin . Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and originates from the Paisa regio . One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is a member of the family Rutaceae and is from the genus citrus . Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Colombi . Lemon is one of its ingredients and is a member of the family Rutaceae and is from the genus citrus . Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine that originates from the Paisa region and contains lemo . The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family and the order of Rosids . Barny Cakes , which are made from sponge cake , are from France , where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders and French is the language spoken . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are found in France , where French is spoken and whose leaders are Claude Bartolone and Gerard Larcher . Created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher is leader and they speak French . Barny cakes is created by Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicag . It comes from France , which leader is Gérard Larcher and the language is French . English speaking Singapore , led by Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob , offers the dish Beef kway teow , also found in Indonesia . Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajj , originates from the Karnataka region of Indi . It is usually made up of vegetables and gram flour . Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from India in the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji ( Bhaji ) , or bajji , contains vegetables and gram flour; it originates from the Karnataka region of India . Indians is the name given to people from India and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Val . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji is from the Karantake region of Indi . India is led by Vajubhai Vala and home to the Indian people . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region ( led by Vajubhai Vala ) of Indi . The Indians of India are led by Sumitra Mahajan . Bionico is a dessert from Jalisco , Mexi . The leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romer . Another dessert is a cake . Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexic . The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romer . Another dessert is a cake . A type of dessert is a cak . However , bionico is not a cake , and instead a dessert from the Guadalajara region , in Mexic . Mexico is where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader . Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Niet . Another dessert is a cake . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is in the County of Derbyshir . Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , comes from the Derbyshire Dales and contains frangipane . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales ( in the county of Derbyshire ) where the Bakewell tart is a popular dis . This dish contains frangipane and has a variant called Bakewell pudding . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire The frangipane Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshir . Coming from the Derbyshire Dales region is Bakewell tart ( a variation of Bakewell pudding ) which has Frangipane as an ingredient . The Derbyshire Dales , whose leader is Patrick McLoughlin , is part of Derbyshire and is where Bakewell tarts come fro . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane . The Frangipane -based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla , they speak Indonesian and eat bakso . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , which leader is Jusuf Kalla , the capital is Jakarta and the language is Indonesian . Bakso is a food and a dish found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta , the language is Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and people there are called Italian . The capital is Rome and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella . Rome is the capital of Italy where the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarell . Amatriciana sauce can be found there and people are called Italians . Amatriciana sauce is from Italy , where Rome is the capital and where Italians liv . Leaders of the country include Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi . Halimah Yacob is the leader in Singapore where English is spoken and the dish Ayam penyet is fro . It is also from Java , a country where one of the ethnic groups are the Baduy . The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java where Ayam penyet is fro . This dish is also from Singapore where English is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader . Ayam penyet originates from Java where Baduy people are one of the ethnic groups.The food can also be found in Singapore where English is mainly spoken and Halimah Yacob is the president . Philippines is the country the dish Batchoy comes fro . The llocano and Igorot peoples are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where languages spoken include Arabic and Phillippine English . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , languages spoken there include English ( official language ) and also Arabi . Ethnic groups there include the Ilocano and Igorot peoples . Available nationwide in Indonesia and Singapore , Beef kway teow is a dish which comes from Singapore , where English is spoke . It is also where two of the leaders are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan . Just like in Indonesia , Beef kway teow is popular nationwide is Singapore ( where it comes from ) . In this country , English is spoken and two of the leaders are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesi . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken . Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain , where the currency is the euro , the leader is Felipe VI , the language spoken is Spanish and the people that live there are called Spaniards . Ajoblanco is a food found in Spanish speaking and Felipe VI led Spai . It is also home to the Spaniards and can be purchased with the Euro . Bananaman was shown on the BBC , first airing on 3 October 1983 and the final broadcast being 15 April 198 . It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke Taylor . The BBC began airing Bananaman October 3rd , 1983 and the last episode was broadcast on April 15th , 198 . John Geering is one of the creators of Bananaman which also starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geerin . The programme was broadcast by the BBC and starred Tim Brooke-Taylo . It first aired on the 10th March 1983 and was last shown on April 15th 1986 . Baymax is a character from the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsi . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . American Duncan Rouleau and Steve . Seagle created Bayma . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit . Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagl . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool are locate . Their manager is Stuart Parker who is a member of Chesterfield FC and plays for KV Mechelen . Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is locate . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who is part of the KV Mechelen club and a member of Chesterfield FC . Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague , the league AEK Athens FC compete i . Their manager is Gus Poyet , whose club is Real Zaragoza even though he played for Chelsea F.C . Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F.C. who play in the Superleague of Greece ( which has Olympiacos FC as previous champions ) . Poyet previously played for Chelsea FC and is in the Real Zaragoza club . Previous champions of the Superleague Greece are Olympiacos F . AEK Athens FC also compete in the league and they are managed by Gus Poyet who previously played for Chelsea FC and whose club is Real Zaragoza . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens . It is located in Alagoa . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazi . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Série C . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. from Brazil in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also pla . This latter team have their ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas . Llocated in Alagoas , Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is from Brazil , and the champions of which have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. league in Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in the league and have their home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league ( in Brazil ) , which has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Club . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , which is located in Arapiraca . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Serie . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ( Arapiraca ) is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. in Brazi . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense who also play in the league have 17000 members and are managed by Vica . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil , which has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Club . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground can hold 17000 fans and the team is managed by Vica . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C , which is from Brazi . It is in this league that Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play i . They are managed by Vica , and have17000 members . With a runway length of 2194.0 , Abilene regional airport serves Abiliene , part of Jones County , Texas , in the United States . Abilene Regional Airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas in the United States . Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier of KAB . It has the runway name of 17L / 35R with a length of 2194.0 . Abilene Regional airport , whichis 546 metres above sea level , has the ICAO location identifier of KABI and serves the city of Abilene , Texa . It has the runway named 17L / 35R which is 2194.0 in length . Runway 17L / 35R at Abilene Regional Airport in Texas has a length of 2194 and is 546m above sea leve . It has the identifier of KABI . Serving the city of Abilene in Texas , is Abilene Regional Airpor . It has the ICAO location identifier KABI and the runway name 17R / 35 . The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0 . Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KAB . It is located 546 metres above sea level and has a runway 2194 metres long with the name of 17R / 35L . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , it ' s ICAO identifier is KABI , it ' s runway length is 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level , the name of the runway is 17R / 35L . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and can be found in Madrid.The airport is situated 610.0 meters above sea level and has a 4 , 349 kilometers long runway whose name is 14L / 32R . Adofo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport , which lies 610 metres above sea level , is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIR . The airport ' s runway , named 14L / 32R , has a length of 4349.0 . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh Bundelkhand , it ' s ICAO location identifier is VIAG. the leader of Utterar Pradesh is Ram Naik . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Prades . Uttar Pradesh is part of both Awadh ad Bundelkhan . The Airport ' s ICAO location identifier is " VIAG " . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is called Ram Naik . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . It is the location of Agra airport which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station . Agra Airport , which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station , is in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , where Ram Naik is the leader . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhan . Kheria Air Force Station is its native nam . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . Some of its aircraft include the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III ( transport aircraft ) , General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) , and the Lockheed AC-130 which can be found on USAF aircraft carrier . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in battles at the invasion of Panam . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as fighter aircraft . The United States Air Force , which was involved in the Invasion of Panama , are the operators of Al Asad airbas . The USAF have aircraft including : the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transporter and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter plane . The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean Wa . It is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . It has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and additionally , the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carrier . McDonnell Douglas F- Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force . The United States Air Force , which fought battles in the Korean war , is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . The US Airforce has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft , an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and an attack aircraft named The Lockheed AC-130 . The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Lockheed C-130 Hercule . And Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carrier . Both the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenda involved the United States Air Force which currently operates the Al Asad Airbase . The USAF which fought in the Korean War and invaded Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbas . Among the aircraft found on USAF carriers is the Lockheed AC-130 Hercules which is a transport plane . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC-130 attack air crafts and Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft . The USAF participated in the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenada . The Invasions of Grenada and Panama in involved the United States Air Force which now operates the Al Asad airbas . The Air Force has several types of aircraft such as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 which can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . Al Asad airbase is operated by The United States Air Forc . The USAF is equipped with the attack aircraft , Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraf . The USAF has been involved in the Invasion of Grenada and invasion of Panama . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and serves Lahore , Pakista . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airpor . The country is lead by Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore , is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . Pakistan is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali . In the city of Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan , there is an airport called Allama Iqbal International Airpor . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , in Punjab Pakistan , which is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airpor . The airport serves the city of Lahore , in Pakistan where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader , It is also where the Allama Iqbal International Airport is found , in Punjab , Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab , Pakistan , which is lead by Shehbaz Shari . The airport serves Lahore in Pakistan . Located in Texas , and serving Andrews , is Andrews County Airpor . The airport is 973.0 below sea level , has a runway length of 896 , and a runway with the name 11 / 29 . Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of 896 and serves the city of Andrew . It is located 973 metres below sea level and has the runway name 11 / 29 . Andrews County Airport is located in Texa . It serves the city of Andrews and is 973 metres above sea leve . Its runway length is named 11 / 29 and is 896 long . Andrews County Airport is in Texas in the U.S.A. where Spanish is one of the languages spoke . Houston is the largest city in the state and its capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United State . The largest city in Texas is Houston , the state capital is Austin and Spanish is one of the languages spoken there . Houston is the largest city in Texas , where Austin is the Capital cit . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and Some texans can speak Spanish . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , a state where Spanish is spoken and the people are called Texan . Houston is the largest city in Texas and Austin is the state ' s capital . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the Spanish language is spoken and the people are known as Texan . The capital city is Austin but the largest city is Houston . The Angola International Airport is in Ícolo e Bengo , ( Luanda Province ) , The airport serves Luanda , and is 159 metres above sea level . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda province , Angola.The Airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda . Angola International Airport , which is located in Ícolo e Bengo in the Luanda Province in Angola , serves Luand . The airport lies 159 metres above sea level . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda , Angol . The runway is 4000ft long and is 159m a.s.l . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , which is a part of Luanda Province , located in Angol . The airport is 159 meters above sea level and its runway has a lenght of 4000.0 . Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , which is located in the Luanda Province , Angol . The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and it has a runway that measures a length of 4000.0 . The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport which is owned by the Flemish Regio . The airport serves the city of Antwerp , is 12.0 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 600.0 . The Flemish Region owns Antwerp International Airport which is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works and serves the city of Antwer . The runway length is 600.0 and the airport is 12 metres above sea level . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and located in the city of Antwer . The airport has a runway length of 600.0 , elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation . The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located 280 metres above sea level in Greenville , Wisconsi . The runway at the airport is 3 / 21 and is 2439 in length . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton.It is situated 280 meters above sea level and has a 2 , 439 kilometers long runway called 3 / 21 . Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton is located in Greenville , Wisconsi . It is elevated 2801 meters above sea leve . The airport ' s runway , which is named 3 / 21 measures a lenght of 2439 units . The city of Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport in Greenville ( part of Menasha ) , Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States . Appleton , Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport which is located in Greenville ( part of Menasha town ) , Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , USA . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority and is 34 metres above sea leve . It has a runway named 03R / 21L which is 1 , 411 long and its third runway has a poaceae surface . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealan . Its 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and its name is 03R / 21 . It is 1411 m long and the airport is 34 m above sea level . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand and is situated 34 meters above sea level.The airport ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae and has a 1 , 411 meter long runway called " 03R / 21L " . Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgaba . The airport is 211 metres above sea level , has the runway length of 2989.0 and 12R / 30L is the runway name . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . The runway 12R / 30L is 2989m long and is 211m a.s.l . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is operated byTurkmenistan Airline . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989. . It has a runway named 12R / 30L . Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 1 , 873 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jerse . It is situated 23 metres above sea level , has the runway name of 4 / 22 and is known by the ICAO location identifier KACY . Runway 4 / 22 at Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 23m above sea level and its length is 187 . It is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey under the location Identifier of KACY . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , which lies 23.0 meters above sea leve . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KAC . The 4 / 22 is the name of the runway in Atlantic City International Airport and it measures 1873 . The Flemish Government have jurisdiction over the Flemish Region of Belgiu . The leader of the country is Charles Michel and the city of Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium , the country where the leader is Charles Miche . The Flemish Region can be found in Belgium and it is led by the Flemish Government who has jurisdiction over it . Antwerp International Airport serves Antwer . The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium and it is led by the Flemish Governmen . The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is in the Flemish Region and the leader of Belgium is Charles Michel . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New Yor . Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown and Essex County in New York in the U.S . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York , United States.Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York state , United State . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown in Essex County , New York . Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler , Texa . He served as a test pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and its crew members included American national Alan Bea . He was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot . Alan Bean , a US national , was born in Wheeler , Texa . He served as a test pilot before becoming part of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission as a crew member . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 , graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . He died in California on July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 192 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . On the 21st of July , 1998 , he passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November , 1923 in New Hampshire and passed away on the 21st of July , 1998 in Californi . He graduated with a M.A. from NWC in 1957 . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , has died in Californi . After graduating from NWC , MA in 1957 he served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born in New Hampshire and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 , He served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC MA in 195 . He served as a test pilot . The late Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and chosen by NASA in 1959 a a crew member of Apollo 14 . The late Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was originally from New Hampshire and joined NASA in 1959 where he became a member of the Apollo 14 cre . Mr Shepard passed away . Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler , Texas ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and was in space 100305 minute . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 on which David Scott the commander and Alan Bean , who spent a total of 100305 minutes in space , was a crewman . Alan Shepard ( born November 18th , 1923 , New Hampshire ) was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal has died in California . Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshir . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal , by the US Nav . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 192 . Before his death in California he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Elliot See was born in Dallas and later attended the University of Texas at Austi . The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System and is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Nowadays , Gregory . Fenves is the President of the University . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . Gregory . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was born in Dallas and was a student at University of Texas at Austi . This University , whose president is Gregory . Fenves , is affiliated with the University of Texas Syste . The University of Texas at Austin competes in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See , a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin , passed away on 28th February 1966 in S . Loui . He was born in Dallas . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austi . He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . Elliot See , who was born on the 28th February 1966 in Dallas , has died in St Loui . He will be remembered as a great student at University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is a county in Texa . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas syste . The University of Texas at Austin will be part of the Big 12 Conference competition . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas and attended the University of Texas ( affiliated to the University of Texas system ) which competed in the Big 12 conference . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Texas , attended the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the University of Texas system ) which will compete in the big 12 conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas in Austin ( which is affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at Austin University ( part of the university of Texas system ) . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , has died in St Loui . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system . William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew ( operated by NASA ) and he retired on September 1st , 196 . Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot . William Anders , who retired on September 1st , 1969 , was a crew member on Apollo 8 and served under commander Frank Borma . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot . William Anders joined NASA and was a member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman as Commander and Buzz Aldrin as back up pilo . William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland had 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Botta . The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland is Mario Bott . There are 600 students and 100 academic staff at the Accademia . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff of 100 and a student population of 60 . The dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino which was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which has 600 students , was founded in 1996 in Ticino , Switzerlan . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Amman . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore , Karnatak . To its northeast is Telangana and to its west is the Arabian Sea . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea and southwest of Telangan . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka state which has the Arabian Sea to it ' s west and Telangana to it ' s northwest is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technolog . The Institute is located in the city of Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The School was established in 2000 and has 700 Postgraduate Students . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is based in the city of Bangalore in Indi . It currently has 700 Postgraduate Students and it ' s exact location is ' In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology was founded by Kempe Gowda I in Bangalore in the state of Karnatak . It has the Arabian Sea to its west and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , east of the Arabian Se . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the prime minister is Klaus Iohannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romani . Bucharest is the capital of Romania and Klaus Iohannis is the country ' s Prime Minister . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba lulia in Romani . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus lohannis . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Associatio . It has 16 , 000 students , 737 employees. and was established in 1928 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 192 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has a staff compliment of 737. 16000 students attend the university currently . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in Denmark in 192 . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . Faber and Faber are the publishers of The Secret Scripture , a sequel to A Long Long Wa . That book comes from Ireland which is located in Europe and where there is an ethnic group of white people . Ireland , where the white people are an ethnic group , is situated within Europ . The book A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Faber and Fabe . The sequel to the book is known as The Secret Scripture . Ireland is a country within Europe and the ethnic group are white peopl . The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber . The ethnic group of Ireland is White people and is where A Long Long Way comes fro . It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber . An ethnic group of Ireland is white people where A Long Long Way comes fro . It was preceded by Annie Dunne preceded and followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber . Above the Veil is an Australian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castl . It was later followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone . Above the Viel is an Austrlian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castl . It was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone . Above the Veil is an Austrlian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castl . It was followed by Into the Battle and The Violet Keystone . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and is nicknamed Cornell Big Re . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and their nickname is Cornell Big Re . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell Unversity is in Ithaca , New York and their nickname is Cornell Big Re . They are the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , in the state of New Yor . Cornell University ( nicknamed ' Cornell Big Red ' ) is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities . Cornell Big Red is the nickname of Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universitie . The University is in the city of Ithaca , New York , New York State and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterl . The University , which has the nickname Cornell Big Red , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . The United States is home to the ethnic group of African Americans and is lead by Barack Obam . The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian . This book was written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britai . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is from the United States which like Great Britain speaks Englis . The capital of the US is Washington D.C and one ethnic group is the African Americans . A Severed Wasp originates in the United States where like in Great Britain , English is also spoke . Washington DC is the capital of the US and one ethnic group is the African Americans . A severed Wasp is a novel from the United States where English is largely spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where Joe Biden is leader , African Americans are an ethnic group and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from there . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book from The United State . In that country the majority language is English ( as in Great Britain ) . A leading politician of the US is Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group there . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United State . English is spoken there ( as in Great Britain ) and Joe Biden is a leading politician ther . African Americans are an ethnic group in the US . David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdo . The country , which uses the English language has the capital city of London and is where the AIDS journal originates . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , where English is spoke . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II , and another leader is David Camero . English is spoken in the United Kingdom , where the capital is London . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom , which capital is London and the language is Englis . The leaders of that country are David Cameron and Elizabeth II . The leaders of the United Kingdom are Elizabeth II and David Camero . The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II and David Cameron are leader . The journal was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and A Severed Wasp was written in it even though it comes from the United State . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britai . However , it originates from the United States where the President is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the presiden . English is the main language of the U.S. , and is also spoken in Great Britai . Native Americans are one of the national ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) , and Barack Obama is Presiden . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Maryland ' s Carrol county is located to the southeast . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north , Cumberland County , both of these are in Pennsylvani . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Maryland ' s Carrol County is located to the southeast . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader and Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is called Artur Rasizad . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the legislature is known as the National Assembly . Prime Minister of Azerbaijan ( capital Baku ) is the official title of the leader whose name is Artur Rasizad . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the legislature of the country is the National Assembly . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The monument is also known by the native name Türk Şehitleri Anıt . Azerbaijan ' s leader is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( native name : " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " ) in Azerbaijan has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and it was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The native name of the memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " and was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güne . The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaija . It is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where it is known as " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " . The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and constructed out of red granite and white marble . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and can be found in Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and made of granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial is found in Azerbaijan whose leader is the Prime Minister . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is built using Red granite and white marbl . Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , was constructed using red granite and white marbl . It is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which is led by a Prime Ministe . This Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and is America . He worked as a test pilot and was a member of Apollo 12 , which was run by NAS . Bean is retired . Alan Bean is an American , who was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15th March 183 . He was a test pilot and crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 flight missio . He is now retired . Alan Bean is a US national who was on the crew of Apollo 1 . His birthplace is Wheeler , Texa . He was born on March 15 , 1932 and he is retire . He performed as a test pilot on The Apollo 12 mission that was operated by NASA . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and attended UT Austin where he graduated in 1955 with a B . Prior to his retirement he served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member on Apollo 12 alongside commander David Scott . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , U . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . In 1959 he began working for NASA and was a member of Apollo 1 . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshir . He was an American , who graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Alan Shephard is a US citizen who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 195 . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he crewed Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , US . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . He worked as a test pilot before passing away in California . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 192 . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was a test pilo . He deceased and died in California . The deceased Alan Shepard , a United States national , was born in New Hampshire on 1923-11-1 . He graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 and served as a Test pilo . Alan Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 192 . Murio in Californi . He was A Test pilot Rewarded with the Medal of Service Distinguished from The Sea-coast of The United States , Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . The test pilot Alan Bean was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18th 192 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal , in the United States Nav . He died in California . Retired American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , also known as Edwin . Aldrin Jr. , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin E Aldrin Jr , has now retire . He is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . After graduating from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in science he became a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jerse . He is a US national , who was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 progra . William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 missio . The US leader was Joe Biden . Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with an S . D in 196 . He began working for NASA in 1963 was a member of Apollo 11 which was run by NAS . He is now retired . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 193 . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a S . D. and in 1963 he was picked by NASA to be part of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew after being selected by NASA in 1963 with William Anders as a backup pilot on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He was a fighter pilot and began working for NASA in 196 . Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 , which was run by NASA and William Anders was the backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and obtained a doctorate in Science from MIT in 196 . He served as a fighter pilot before being hired by NASA in 1963 and serving as a crew member on Apollo 11 with backup pilot William Anders . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He graduated from U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas syste . He worked as a test pilot before he died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 192 . He attended UT at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas syste . He was a test pilot , who died in S . Louis . Elliot See has died in St Loui . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and graduated from University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system prior to serving as a test pilot . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July in 1927 before attending the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot was a test pilot before passing away in St Louis in 1966 . Test pilot Elliot See , born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 , graduated from the University of Texas in Austi . He died in S . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 192 . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and later served as a test pilo . Elliot died in S . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . William Anders ( born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong ) graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 196 . He was a US National and served as a Fighter pilot before he retired on the 1st of September in 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong in October 17th 193 . William graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 and became a Fighter pilo . William retired in September 1st in 1969 . William Anders in an American who was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 193 . After graduating from AFIT with an M.S. in 1962 , he worked as a test pilot until he retired on the 1st of September 1969 . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India – 56009 . The Institute ( president B M Reddy ) was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . President B M Reddy is head of the Acharya Institute of Technology located at " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Institute was established in the state of Karnataka in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 56009 . It was established in 2000; its president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The motto of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is " Nurturing Excellence " and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 56009 . It was established in 2000 and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was created in 2000 , has 700 post graduate students and uses as its motto Nurturing Excellenc . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The school president is . . Reddy and its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India was established in 200 . The president is B. . Reddy and the director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " . The Acharya Institute of Technology , affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , is located in Soldevanahalli , on Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India ( 560090 ) . It was established in the year 2000 , and its current president is B. . Reddy , while its director is D . G. . Prabhukumar . Acharya Institute of Technology ( president B M Reddy ) is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India – 56009 . The Institute was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Indi . The President of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the year 2000 in Indi . Its campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 and its president is . . Redd . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwes . The school has 250 employee . India is home to the Ganges River and its largest city is Mumbai . India is known for the river Ganges and the largest city being Mumbai is also home to the state of Kerala which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northwes . Kerala is also where AWH Engineering College is located within the city of Kuttikkattoo . The college currently has 250 members of staff . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has an academic staff of 25 . Kerala has Mahé , Indiato its northwes . Mumbai is the largest city in Indi . The river Ganges runs through India . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romani . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader ( title Prime Minister of Romania ) is Klaus Iohanni . An ethnic group of the country is The Germans of Romania and the country ' s national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! The national anthem of Romania is " Desteapta-te , romane! " and the capital city is Buchares . The country is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iuli . One of the ethnic groups of the country is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest; its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te , Romane ! In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , Indi . The current location is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090. " The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 56009 . It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukuma . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is in Belgiu . The institute itself is in India ' s Karnataka state and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It was created in 2000 and its director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Municipality of Gettysburg is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which lies to the south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Marylan . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County in 2000 is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County is located south of Cumberland County in the same state , and Carrol County , Maryland is situated to the southeast . Ankara is the capital of Turkey where the currency is the Turkish lira and the leader is Ahmet Davutogl . Izmir is located in the country and is the site of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932 , having been designed by Pietro Canonica . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , in the country of Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğl . The monument is made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 193 . Turkey ' s capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira . The Turkish lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and Ankara is the capita . The Ataturk Monument designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmir and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The National Assembly is the official legislature of Azerbaijan which is lead by a Prime Ministe . The capital city is Baku which is the location of the memorial designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the leader ' s title is Prime Minister and the legislature is the National Assembl . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marbl . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . Huyseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memoria . It is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which has legislature of National Assembly , and led by the Prime Minste . The memorial is made from red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . Franklin County Pennsylvania is to the west and Frederick County to the south west . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , between Franklin County to the west and Frederick County to the southwest . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku is located in Azerbaija . At present Artur Rasizade is the leader of the country . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade , is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memoria . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is located in Azerbaijan , where it is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti . From Spain , Ajoblanco ( alternatively known as Ajo blanco ) has bread as an ingredient . Ajoblanco , also known as " Ajo blanco " , comes from Spai . Bread is one of the ingredients . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , which is from Spain and an alternative name to Ajo blanco . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , in Spai . Ajoblanco contains water . Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco , which is a food found in Andalusia , in Spain . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia , where two of the leaders are , Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla . Arem arem originates from Indonesia where two of the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusef Kalla . Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Jav . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , the country which serves Arem-are . While Arem-arem is nationwide in Indonesia , it is more specific to Java . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , where the dish arem-arem is found nationwide , though it is more specific to Java . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella , it is also where Italian is spoken and the arrabbiata sauce is from . Sergio Mattarella is a leader of Italy where the Italian language is spoken and Arrabbiata sauce can be found . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the spoken language is Italian and a leader is Sergio Mattarella . Arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from Rome in Italy , has chili pepper as one of its important ingredients . Arrabbiata sauce from Rome in Italy contains chili pepper . Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome in Italy and one of the main ingredients is chili pepper . Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome , in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce contains garlic and comes from the Rome region of italy . Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy . Arros negre contains Squid and comes from the Catalonia region of Spain . Squid is an ingredient of arros negre which is from the region of Catalonia in Spain . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain , and one of its ingredients is Squid . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community , in Spain . Cuttlefish is an ingredient of the dish Arròs negre , which is a dish that comes from the Valencian community in Spain . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre , which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Spain . The main ingredients of asam pedas , a food from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia , consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions in Malaysia . The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsul . Malaysia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Ayam penyet is made from squeezed or squashed chicken served with sambla and is a popular dish in Java , Malaysia . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with samba . It is a popular dish in Malaysia and also found in Java . Ayam penyet originates from Malaysia and Jav . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion , which comes from the United States . Bacon Explosion , whose name comes from the United States , has bacon and sausage . One of the ethnic groups in the United States are native Americans , the country is also the home of the dish bacon explosion and has Wasington D.C. as it ' s capitol city . Bacon Explosion originated in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group . The United States is the country of Bacon Explosio . Barack Obama is the leader and Washington D.C. is the capital . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital city is Washington DC . The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington DC . The Bacon Explosion originated in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group and John Roberts is a leader . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and John Roberts is a leader . Bacon sandwiches are variations of BLT and come from the U. . Condiments are found in these sandwiches . The UK dish , the bacon sandwich uses condiments as an ingredient and has the variation BLT . The bacon sandwich , a variation of the BLT , comes from the UK and contains condiments . Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska , which is from the New York region and France . Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska , which is reputed to come from both France and New York . An ingredient of baked Alaska is meringue which originates in France and the New York regions . Sponge cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska , a dish from the New York region and found in the United States . Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , which comes from the region of New York and can be found in the U.S . An ingredient of baked Alaska is sponge cake , the dish originates from New York , USA . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in the dessert Baked Alask . Cookie is also a dessert . A cookie can be a dessert , as can baked alaska which has christmas pudding as an ingredient . Cookies are a dessert item , as is Baked Alaska that has Christmas pudding as one of its ingredients . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a desser . Another dish that is a dessert is Baked Alaska which has Christmas pudding as an ingredient . Sandesh and Baked Alaska are dessert . Baked Alaska uses Christmas pudding as an ingredient . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which is a dessert , same as sandesh . Part of Columbian cuisine , Bandeja paisa ( which has kidney beans as one of the ingredients ) , comes from Antioquia Department area . Bandeja paisa , which contains kidney beans , is a traditional dish found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia . Kidney beans are an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia department . Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders . Barny cakes are found in France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders . Barny cakes are found in France where both Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders . Barny cakes can be made with apple and have 18 grams of carbs and 1.8 g of protein . Barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 1.8g protein and 18g of carbs . Barny cakes may be made with apple and have 1.8g of protein and 18g of carbohydrates . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where the Singapore dollar is the currency and the leader is Halimah Yacob . A dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia is beef kway teow which has oyster sauce as a main ingredient . Beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and is found in Indonesia and Singapore . A popular food in Indonesia , Beef kway teow originates from Singapor . The country where Tony Tan is the leader . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where the dish Beef kway teow originates fro . It is also found in Indonesia . Bhajji originates from India , it ' s main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . The key ingredients of a Bhajji from India are gram flour and vegetables . The main ingredients in Bhajji , which originates from Indiam are gram flour and vegetables . Bhajji originates from India , country of Indians where the leader is . . Thakur . Bhajji originates from India , where the leader is called T S Thakur and the people who live there are called Indians . Bhajji originate from India where T S Thakur leads the Indian people . Bhajji comes from the country of India , where two of the leaders are , . . Thakur and Narendra Modi . Bhajji originates from India , where two of the leaders are Narendra Modi and T. . Thakur . The dish bhajji originates in India where T. . Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are vegetables and gram flour . The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables , this comes from the Karnataka region . Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippine . Two of the main ingredients in it are banana and sweet potato . The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and sweet potatoes , and it can be found in the Philippines . Binignit is a dish from the Philippines made from banana and sweet potato . Bionico is a dessert containing sour cream from Mexico . Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , that is a dessert course found in Mexico . Sour cream is used to serve Bionico , a dessert food found in Mexico . Containing raisins , Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , in Mexico . Raisins are found in bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico . Raisins are an ingredient of Bionico which is from the region Jalisco , Mexico . One ingredient in Bakso is celery , which is a member of the genus Apium in the family Apiaceae . Celery is from the genus apium and the family Apiacea . It is an ingredient of Bakso . Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae , it is from the genus apium and is an ingredient of Bakso . Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of its ingredients; it can be eaten as an alternative to cake . Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients , it is served at the dessert course , like cake . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and one of the leaders is Jusuf Kalla . The dish bakso comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jakarta is the capitol city . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . From the Singapore region , Ayam penyet , is a food found in Java where an ethic group is the Baduy . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet is from Singapore and also Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Banyumasan are an ethnic grou . It can be found nationwide and also in Singapore and Malaysia . The dish Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic grou . The dish can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and it is also where Spanish is spoken and the dish arros negre is from . Arros Negre is a traditional dish from Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI . Arros negre comes from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States . The Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Texas , which is a part of Taylor County , Texas in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport has a runway length of 1219.0 and serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and the residents of Lake Placid and has a runway that ' s 1 , 219 long . The 14L / 32R runway of the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in Madrid has a length of 4100.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Madrid; its runway name is 14L / 32R and its runway length is 4100 . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Madri . Its runway , called 14L / 32R has length of 4100 . The Indian Air Force in India , operates Agra Airport which uses VIAG as its ICAO location identifier . Agra Airport , located in India , is operated by the Indian Air Force , and has an ICAO identifier is VIAG . Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase , in Iraq , has a runway length of 3078.48 metres . The USAF operated the Al Asad Airbase , located in iraq , with a length of 3078.48 . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean war . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the Invasion of Grenada as one of its noted battles as well as The Operation Enduring Freedom . The USAF operates Al Asad Airbas . They fought in the Invasion of Grenada and The Operation Enduring Freedom . The US Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase , used in battles such as Invasion of Grenada and the operation enduring freedom . The United States Air Force who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought battles in the Korean war and also in Operation Enduring Freedom . The US Air Force , veteran of the Korean war and Operation Enduring Freedom , operated Al Asad Airbase , . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0 . Located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1 , 533 metres . Aplena County Regional Airport; is elevated 210 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 1 , 533 metres and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . It is 210 m above sea level and its runway length is 1533 feet . Amsterdam airport , Schipol which serves the city of Amsterdam is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( United States ) , where Houston is the largest city . Andrews County Airport is in Texas , United State . Houston is the largest city in Texas . The United States Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , whose largest city is Houston . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo Angola , it has a runway length of 4000ft . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and is 4000 in length . Angola International Airport , located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola has a runway length of 4000 . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Angola and the runway is named " south runway " . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and the runway is known as " South Runway " . Antwerp International Airport which has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level is owned and operated by the Flemish government . Antwerp International Airport which is 12 meters above sea level is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation and owner of Antwerp International Airport that serves the city of Antwerp . Antwerp International Airport; serves the city of Antwerp , is in the Flemish region and is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works . Antwerp International Airport serves Antwer . It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works . Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin , as is Little Chute . Appletone International Airport served the city of Appleton , which is part of a little chute in Kimberly , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville which is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , in the United States . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , which is part of Clayton , Winnebago county . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is part of the Poales order and is in the division of flowering plants . Ashgabat International Airport ( located in Ashgabat ) is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea level . Ashgabat International airport is located in Ashgabat at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece where Alexis Tsipras is the leader . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where Alexis Tsipras is the leader . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , a country led by Alexis Tsipras . Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway with the name is 4 / 22 , is located in Egg Harbor Township , in New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has the runway name 4 / 22 . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Phillipe of Belgium . Antwerp , Belgium , is led by Philippe of Belgium and served by Antwerp International Airport . Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinid . It is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " . It is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was put in print . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 . The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253-7 , it is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form . Born in Burbank , California , Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor , 1634 : The Baltic War , was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an E-Book . During 1634 , Eric Flint wrote the RAM Rebellion which is 512 pages long and is of the media type E book . The hardcover book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 , was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover . Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion found in hardcover with an ISBN of 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce. et al. , is 512 pages long and can be found as an E book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et a . It has 512 pages and is available as an E-Book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion has 512 pages and was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al. . It can be found as an E book . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or ACM Tran . In . Syst. , is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number of 1046-8188 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst. it has the ISSN number 1046-8188 . The abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number of 1046-8188 . The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-286 . It is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " and the ISSN number 1558-2868 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or ACM Tran . In . Syst. , is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has a ISSN number of 1558-2868 . The AIDS journal was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincot Williams & Wilkins and comes from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader . The AIDS journal , which came from the United Kingdom in the reign of Elizabeth II , was published by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins . A. . Charlie Johnson , who lives in the US , is the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics . A T Charlie Johnson resides in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances which was published by the American Institute of Physics . AIP Advances , or AIP Adv. , has a CODEN of AAIDBI and is edited by . . Charlie Johnson . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances which is abbreviated to AIP Adv and has a CODEN code of AAIDBI . " AIP Adv. " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances which is edited by A T Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code AAIDBI . A Glastonbury Romance , which can be found in hardcover , has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 as well as the OCLC number 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number of 76798317. and the ISBN number of 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Long Long Way ( followed by the book The Secret Scripture ) is written in the English language , which is spoken in Great Britain . Followed by The Secret Scripture , the book A Long Long Way is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States , which counts African Americans among its ethnic groups . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Pres . One of the ethnic groups in the US are African Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the president . A Severed Wasp can be found in print with the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982 . A severed wasp can be found in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification is PS3523.E55 S4 1982 . A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 " , 388 pages and can be found in print . " A Severed Wasp " is in print , has 388 pages and has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 " . A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 ) has 388 pages altogether and is available in print . Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which was published in hardback and has the OCLC number 318875313 . A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is published in Hardcove . The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 . A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has a OCLC number of 318875313 . Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . The hardcover boo . A wizard of Mars , was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover ISBN 978-0-15-204770-2 . Above the Veil , from Australia , is the third book in a series after Aenir and Castle . Above the Veil , from Australia , is the sequel to Aenir , which followed the novel Castle . Above the Veil is from Australia and was preceded by Aenir and Castle . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Mat . Hungar. , has a LCCN number of 83646315 and a ISSN number of 1588-2632 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Mat . Hungar. ) has the LCCN number 83646315 and ISSN number 1588-2632 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , abbreviated to Acta Math.Hungar , has LCCN No. 83646315 and ISSN No. 1588-2632 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is " 0236-5294 " and the abbreviation is Acta Mat . Hunga . It comes under the academic discipline of Math . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236-529 . It is also known as Acta Mat . Hungar and it covers the academic discipline of Mathematics . Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( also known as Acta Mat . Hungar ) , covers the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0236-5294 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and an LCCN number of 6004071 . The abbreviated name is Acta Palaeonto . Pol . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the " Addiction Journal " which has the ISSN number 0965-2140 . Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is about addictio . It has the ISSN number 0965-2140 . Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was produced in print and has the OCLC number 45644811 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and produced in prin . It has an OCLC number of 45644811 . Aenir , OCLC number 45644811 , by author Garth Nix is available in print . Aenir has the ISBN number of " 0-439-17684-0 " , it was written by Garth Nix and was produced in print . Garth Nix is the author of Aeni . It can be found by ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has a ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am.J.Math , whose academic discipline is Mathematics has ISSN No. 1080-6377 . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics with the ISSN number of 1080-6377 in the discipline of Math . The American Journal of Mathematics ( discipline Mathematics ) is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Mat . It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviation A . . Math . The ISSN number for the journal is 1080-6377 . Also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math , the American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admi . Sc . Q ) is published by SAGE Publications which was founded by Sara Miller McCune . Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admi . Sc . Q , ) is published by SAGE Publications who ' s founder is Sara Miller McCune . Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications which publishes the Administrative Science Quarterl . The abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admi . Sc . Q . The AIDS ( journal ) , is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are based in the United Kingdom which is where David Cameron is the leader . The AIDS journal was published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the U . David Cameron is the leader . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkin . It was published in the United Kingdom , which leader is David Cameron . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Barack Obama is both president of the US and African American , which is an ethnic group of the United State . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the US . In the United States , one of the ethnic groups is African American , Barack Obamais President and it is where A Fortress of Grey Ice originates . In the United States , English is the language , Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the book Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians was written . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where English is the primary languag . Additionally , Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States . Alan Bean was under commander David Scott on Nasa ' s Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 crew commanded by David Scott . David Scott was the commander of the NASA operated Apollo 12 flight mission on which the crew included Alan Bean . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California where Alan Shepard died on July 21 1998 . Alan Shephard died on the 21st of July , 1998 in California ( whose Senator was Dianne Feinstein ) . Buzz Aldrin , also called Edwin . Aldrin Jr. , graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. and was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and later became a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin ( AKA Edwin E Aldrin Jr ) graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , whose real name is Edwin . Aldrin Jr. , was a member of Apollo 11 who in 1963 graduated with a S . D. from MIT . Buzz Aldrin , who was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and spent 52 minutes in space , was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey . Born in Glen Ridge New Jersey , Apollo 11 crewman Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space . Born in Glen Ridge , NJ , Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space as part of Apollo 11 ' s crew . Alan Shepard , who was awarded the US Navy Distinguished Service Medal died in California , incidentally a Smilodon is a fossil from California . Alan Shephard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by United States Navy and died in California ( where a Smilodon fossil was found ) . Alan Shepard , who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , died in California where the Smilodon fossil was found . Elliot See who was selected by NASA in 1962 died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis . Elliot See , ex NASA worker since 1962 , died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966 . Elliot See was selected by NASA in 196 . He died in S . Louis on 1966-02-28 . Elliot See , born July 23 1927 in Dallas , has died . Elliot See is deceased , was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . Elliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas 1927-07-23 . Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23 , 192 . He is now deceased . Born on October 17th , 1933 in British Hong Kong , William Anders would serve as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong later served as a crew member of Apollo 8 . William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 , crewed Apollo 8 . The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Karl Kesel . Karl Kesel , an American along with Walt Simonson created the comic book character Auron . The comic character , Auron , was created by Walt Simonson and the American Karl Kesel . Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead , is a key person at the BBC which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman . A key person at the BBC , which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman , is Baron Hall of Birkenhead , Tony Hall . Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV . Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was first aired on 3 October 1983 and broadcast by STV . Bananaman which first aired on October 3rd , 1983 stars Billie Oddie and is broadcasted by STV . Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Baymax ' s first film appearance was in Big Hero . He was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle . Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle created Baymax who had his first movie appearance in Big Hero 6 . The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski , who is often called Bibbo , are Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman . The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Roland Desmond , was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle . The comic book character Blockbuster ' s alter ego is Roland Desmond and he was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle . The comic character Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin . Bolt , a comic character AKA Larry Bolatinsky was created by Dan Mishkin . The comic character Bolt whose alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin . An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky and he was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin . The comic character Bolt , aka Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin . A. . Cesena , in the Serie B League , has 23900 members and is located is Cesena . AC Cesena ' s ground is in Cesena and they have 23900 member . The club plays in Serie B . A. . Cesena , with 23900 members , is in the Serie B league and has a ground in Cesena . Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and his own club was Calcio Catani . He is currently managing AC Cesena . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and played for the club SSD Potenza Calci . He is also in club Calcio Catania . Massimo Drago played for S.S. . Potenza Calcio and now plays for Calcio Catania while managing A. . Cesena . AC Lumezzane has 4150 members and is in the Lega Pro / A league where they played in the 2014 season . I am interested in the 2014 A. . Lumezzane seaso . It plays in Lega Pro / A. and has 4150 members . A.C Lumezzane , with 4150 members , play in the Lega Pro / A , participating in the 2014 season . A. . Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez whose full name is Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapan , ( full name , Isidro Metapan ) , has 10000 members and play their home games at the Estadio Jorge Caler0 Suarez stadium . Isidro Metapan ( A. . Isidro Metapan ) has 10000 members and are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where there are leaders called Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . There are two prominent leaders in Greece : Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as well the A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located there . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of the country is Nikos Voutsis and / or Prokopis Pavloopoulos . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is with Drogheda United F.C and plays for Runcorn F. . Halton . Footballer Stuart Parker , the manager of AFC Blackpool , was at Drogheda United FC and plays for Runcorn F. . Halton . Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C. , also plays for Runcorn F. . Halton and has managed AFC Blackpool . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who was at Drogheda United FC and once played for Stockport County FC . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He plays for Drogheda United F.C. and Stockport County F.C . Stuart Parker ( football player of Drogheda United F.C. ) managed AFC Blackpoo . He was a member of Stockport County F.C . Stuart Parker is a member of the Iriam Town F.C. as well as the manager of A.F. . Blackpool and has also represented the KV Mechelen club . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He has represented the club KV Mechelen and is a member of the Irlam Town F.C . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manage . He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and is part of the KV Mechelen club . AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde , " they have 3180 members and their ground is located in Warton , Fylde . Association Football Club Fylde , abbreviated to A.F.C Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is Warton Fylde . Christian Panucci , who has been attached to the Genoa CFC and Real Madrid CF clubs , manages A. . Livorno Calcio . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci. is was attached to the Real Madrid CF clu . He is currently attached to the club Genoa CFC . Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club , he managed A. . Livorno Calcio and played football for Genoa C.F.C . The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. " is the non-abbreviated name of A. . Roma which has 70634 members and a home ground in Rome , Italy . A.S.Roma have 70634 members , play their home games in Rome and their full title is Associazione Roma S.p.A . A. . Roma , or Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. , has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome , Italy . AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Athens , they have 69618 members and they compete in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F.C. , with 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greec . Their ground is in Athens . AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members , their ground is in Athens and they play in the Superleague of Greece . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members play in the Hoofdklasse league and competed in the 2014 season . AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season , they play in the Hoofdklasse league and the main team have 5000 members . AFC Ajax , who played in the 2014 season , have 5000 members and play in the Hoofdklasse league . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena , and are in the Azerbaijan Premier League , who ' s championships name is the Qarabag FK . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK and competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , which champions are Qarabag FK . Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members . " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " is the full name of AZ Alkmaar who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members . Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( AZ Alkmaar ) has 170723 members and played in the 2014 season . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap . John van den Brom , the manager of AZ Alkmaar , is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for De Graafschap . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for De Graafschap . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at their ground Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C leagu . The champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C leagu . The Serie C champions have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonsec . The club play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and the champions of the league were the Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in brazi . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , that is based in Brazi . The champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League , of which K-W United FC have been champions . Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League , won by K-W United FC , have their home ground at S . Vincent-S . Mary High School . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League which K-W United FC have been champions of . K-W United FC were champions of the Premier Development League where Akron Summit Assault ( which has 3000 members ) also play . 3000 member club Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League alongside former champions K-W United FC . Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League of which K-W United FC were champions . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader of the Italian people . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy which is lead by Sergio Mattarella and inhabited by Italians . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , country of Italians where the leader is Sergio Mattarella . The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) in Athens whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . Home ground of AEK Athens FC , the Olympic Stadium is located in Athens , who ' s mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . The Olympic Stadium in Athens is the home ground of AEK Athens F . The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 students and the dean is called Mario Botta . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India and its motto is : " Nurturing Excellence " . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has the motto " Nurturing Excellence " . Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . B. . Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology , which is located in Bangalore , India . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy . The Acharya Institute of Technology ( Bangalore , India ) has . . Reddy as its president . The Acharya Insitute of Technology offers tennis and it was established in 200 . The tennis governing body is the International Tennis Federation . The International Tennis Federation is the governing body for the sport which is offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 . AWH Engineering College is in Indi . Mumbai is the largest city in Indi . The river Ganges runs through India . AWH Engineering College is located in the country of India , whose capital city is Mumba . One of the rivers in India is called the Ganges . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Lohanni . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohanni . The University of Romania was established on 1 Decembrie 1918 . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The country ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle . Universitas Apulensis is the latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romani . The patron saint of the country is Andrew the Apostle . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the Latin name , Universitas Apulensi . It is situated in Romania , which has the patron Saint Andrew the Apostle . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 192 . It has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and currently has a staff of 737 and a student population of 16000 . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa ( Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders ) , the capital of which is Cape Town . South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Stree . The capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa . Cyril Ramaphosa leads South Africa , whose capital , Cape Town , houses 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , a country in which coloureds are one of the ethnic groups and Jacob Zuma is the leader . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , populated by Coloured people and led by Jacob Zuma . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and some coloured people live . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zum . An ethnic group found there are white South Africans . The white South Africans are an ethnic group of the country where Jacob Zuma is leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located . Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland , United States where 200 Public Square is located . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , where one of the leaders is Frank G Jackson . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , Erie County , New York . 250 Delaware avenue is in Buffalo , Erie County , New York . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago ( the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel ) , United States . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , US where 300 North LaSalle is located . 300 North Lasalle is in Chicago , U. . Rahm Emanuel leads Chicago . Located in Dublin , the 3Arena whose architect was HOK SVE ) was completed in December 2008 . The architects of the 3Arena in Dublin was HOK SVE and it was completed in December 2008 . 3Arena , located in Dublin , was designed by HOK SVE and completed December 2008 . Populous was the architect of 3Arena in Dublin which was completed in December 2008 . The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena in Dublin which was completed in December 2008 . The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by architects from the Populous company and completed in December 2008 . The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment which is located in Dublin , Ireland . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , and is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark , which was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , Marriott International Hotel because 3XN was the architect . James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J P McManus . James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and owed by J P McManus . James Pain designed Adare Manor that was completed in 186 . The owner is J. . McManus . The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 ( square metres ) . The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall. which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metre . It is 42 m high . Addis Ababa City Hall , which houses the Government of Addis Ababa , is 42 m high and has a floor area of140000.0 square metres . The Adisham hall , which is located in Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and architectural style is Tudor Revival . Aidsham Hall , completed in 1931 and located in Sri Lanka , is in the Tudor Revival architecture style . Adisham Hall , with its Tudor Revival style of architecture , was built in 1931 in Sri Lanka . The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres over 3 floors and was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 . The Akita Museum of Art , inaugurated September 28 , 2013 has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres . The Akita Museum or art is located in Akita , within the Akita Prefecture , Japan . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Virgini . The building was begun on 30 March 2007 . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Virginia which began construction on 30 March , 2007 . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall , located in Virginia , and the start date of building was in 30th March 2007 . Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which is owned by Alan B Miller Hall and is located in Virginia . Alan . Miller Hall , located in Virginia , is owned by The College of William and Mary; whose chancellor is Robert Gates . The Mason School of Business in the US are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia . Alan B Miller Hall is in Virginia , U.S. and houses The Mason School of Business . Alan . Miller Hall , the building of which began 30 March , 2007 , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary . Alan . Miller Hall ' s building , started on 30th March 2007 , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , and owned by the College of William and Mary . The Alan . Miller Hall , owned by The College of William and Mary , is in Williamsburg , Virginia and was opened on the 30th March 2007 . The 476 bed Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital , which has 476 beds , is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lank . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader there . Sri Lanka , led by Ranil Wickremesinghe , is home to Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House located on US Route 83 and built in 1911 was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Robinson House on U. . Route 83 was constructed in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House on U. . Route 83 was constructed in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 198 . Its reference number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823 , . The Asilomar Conference Grounds of Pacific Grove in California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27th of February in 1987 , where the reference number for the National register was 87000823 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with a reference number of 87000823 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 , with the number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , U. . Manhattan is a borough in New York City . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , United States . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths is New York City , Manhattan in the U.S . T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders . The alternative name for Ajoblanco is " Ajo blanco " . Ajo blanco is an alternative name to Ajoblanco . Ajo blanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco . The main ingredients in ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco . The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil . Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Arem-arem is nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java . Arem arem comes from Indonesia . Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . the main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre . Cuttlefish is an ingredient of the dish Arròs negre . Squid is an ingredient of Arros negre . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . The genus of the avocado is persea . The genus of Avocado is Persea . Ayam penyet should be served hot . Ayam penyet is a dish that should be served hot . ayam penyet is served hot . Baked Alaska is a dessert . An ingredient of bakewell tart is frangipane . Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart . Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart . The dish Bakso contains noodles . Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso . bakso contains noodles . Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso . Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso . Vermicelli is included in bakso . Chorizo is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Mondelez International is the creator of Barny cakes . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International . Barny cakes is created by Mondelez International . Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured . Chocolate is one variation of the Barny Cakes dish . Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein . Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy . Batchoy includes chicken . Vegetable are used in the preparation of Batchoy . Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales . A variation on dessert is cake . Ice cream is a type of dessert . A type of dessert is an ice cream . Ice cream is a dessert . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia . Italians are from Italy . Italians is the name given to people from Italy . Baduy is the ethnic group of Java . The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java . Baduy is an ethnic group of Java . Lemon is under the order of Rosids . the order of lemons is Rosids . Mexico is inhabited by Mexicans . Mexicans are people from Mexico . In Mexico , the spoken language is Spanish . Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico . The language of Mexico is Spanish . One of the languages used in the Philippines is Arabic . Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines . One of the languages in Philippines is Arabic . Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines . Shumai is a variation of the dish Siomay . Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish . Native Americans in the United States are one of the ethnic groups of the country . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin . Peter Stöger is manager of . FC Köln . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger . 1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season . A C Lumezzane played the 2014-2015 season in Lega Pro . Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . A. . Isidro Metapán ' s full name is Asociación Deportiva . The fullname of A. . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s full name is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . " A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " is the full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season . A.E Dimitia Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014 season . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 A EPST . Greece season . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH , Greece . A.F. . Blackpool has 1500 members . The Fylde is the home ground of AFC Fylde . AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . A. . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members . The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members . The A. . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members . A. . Roma were in Serie A in 2014-15 . Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team . AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer . The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) have the nickname " Joden , Godenzonen " . The AFC Ajax team ' s nickname is Joden , Godenzonen . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) nickname is Joden , Godenzonen . AFC Ajax has 5000 Members . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members . AZAL PFK is located at Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School . St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members . Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members . Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam . The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis . Gus Poyet is in AEK Athens F.C . Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C . Jens Hartel plays for SV Germania Schoneiche . John van den Brom plays at the AZ Alkmaar club . John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez ' s club is A. . Isidro Metapan . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is with the A. . Isidro Metapán club . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez was a member of the club A. . Isidro Metapán . Massimo Drago is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . Massimo Drago plays for S.S.Chieti Calcio . Massimo Drago ' s club is the S. . Chieti Calcio . Massimo Drago plays for S. . Chieti Calcio . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located at Marousi . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Marousi . K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League . K-W United FC were champions at the Premier Development League . Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC . The footballer Stuart Parker plays for the Bury FC . The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard . Aarhus Airport ' s runway length is 2702.0 . The Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0 . Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level . Adirondack Regional airport is located at Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes . Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport runway name is 14L / 32R . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport runway name is 14L / 32R . 14L / 32R is the runway name of Adofo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport . 14R / 32L is the name of the runway for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport . 14R / 32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport . The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero . Agra Airport is in Agra . Agra airport is located in Agra . Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level . Al Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level . The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84.0 . The Alderney Airport serves Alderney . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney . 18R / 36L is the runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway named 18R / 36L . Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway name is " 18R / 36L " . The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 , 533 . The runway length of Alpena County Regional airport is 1533.0 . Alpena Country Regional Airport runway name is 1 / 19 / . 1 / 19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport . The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 / 19 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam . Amsterdam airport , Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam . Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves Amsterdam . Andrews County , Texas is country seat to Andrews , Texas . Andrews , Texas is the country seat of Andrews County , Texas . Andrews County , Texas has its county seat in Andrews , Texas . Andrews Country Airport ' s city is served by Andrews , Texas . Andrews County Airport serves Andrews , Texas . Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews in Texas . Andrews Country Airport runway name is 11 / 29 . 11 / 29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport . The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11 / 29 . The name of the runway at Andrews County Airport is Helipad . Helipad is the runway name of Andrews County Airport . The runway at Andrews County Airport is called Helipad . Angola International Airport city served is Luanda . Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda . Angola International Airport serves Luanda . The Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is in Auckland . Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland , New Zealand . Athens mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens . The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis . Athens International Airport is in Spata . Athens International Airport is located in Spata . Belgium language is German language . German is the language of Belgium . The language spoken is Belgium is German . Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium . The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium . The leader of Belgium is Phillipe of Belgium . The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen . Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark . Denmark ' s leader name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Lars Løkke Rasmussen leads Denmark . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government . The Flemish Government leads the Flemish Region . Greek is the language spoken in Greece . The language spoken in Greece is Greek . The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis . Harrietstown , New York is part of the United States . Harrietstown , N.Y. is part of the U.S . The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Pakistan has a leader called Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid . Port Authority of New York and New Jersey headquarter is Four World Trade Center . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain . San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain . Saranac Lake , New York is part of the United States . Saranac Lake , New York , is part of the United States . South Jersey Transportation Authority chief is Stephen Dilts . Stephen Dilts is the chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority . Stephen Dilts is the chief of South Jersey Transportation Authority . Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny . The creator of Asterix ( comics character ) is René Goscinny . The comic character Asterix , was created by René Goscinny . The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman . Auron was created by Marv Wolfman . The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman . The comic character , Balder , was created by Jack Kirby . The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby . Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder . Bananaman is broadcast by STV . Bananaman is broadcasted by " STV " . Bananaman was broadcasted by STV . Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 . Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 . Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman . Bananaman starred Bill Oddie . Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 . Bill Everett has won the Eisner Award . Bill Everett has been awarded the Eisner award . Bill Oddie ' s daughter is Kate Hardie . Kate Hardie is Bill Oddie ' s child . Dan Mishkin is one of the creators of the comic character , Bolt . The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin . The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin . Bozo the Iron Man’s full name is Hugh Hazzard . The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is " Hugh Hazzard " . The comic book character Bozo the Iron Man ' s alter ego is Hugh Hazzard . John Buscema has won the comic book award , Eagle Award . John Buscema received the Eagle Award for his work in comics . Marv Wolfman is a recipient of the Eagle Award . Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award for comics . Marv Wolfman has received the Eagle Award for comics . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin . 103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row . 11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 . The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 . 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 . The building at 20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009 . The construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom . There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors . HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena . The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge . The 3Arena is located on the East Link Bridge . 3 Arena is located at East Link Bridge . Adare Manor ' s building start was in 1700 . The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland . The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland . The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . The architecct B V Doshi designed Amdavad Ni Gufa . B V Doshi is the architect who designed Amdavad ni Gufa . Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1988-11-22 " . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 . The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 . Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 . Birmingham has the postcode area ' B ' . The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham . Chicago is part of DuPage County in Illinois . Chicago is part of DuPage County Illinois . Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland . Dublin is part of Leinster . Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader . The name of the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan in the Brazilians . The Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in Japan . The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō . Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International . One of the key people in Marriott International is Bill Marriott . Ireland official language is Irish English . English language is the main language of the Republic of Ireland . One language used in the Republic of Ireland is English . Cape Town is the capital of South Africa . The capital of South Africa is Cape Town . The capital of the United Kingdom is London . London is the capital of the United Kingdom . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States . The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard . Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy . Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy . Alan Shepard was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal . Alan Shepard died in California . William Anders was the backup pilot on Apollo 11 . William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission . Apollo 11 ' s backup pilot was William Anders . The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA . NASA operated the Apollo 14 . Apollo 14 was operated by NASA . The Apollo 8 operator is NASA . Apollo 8 is operated by Nasa . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin ' s nationality is United States . Buzz Aldrin was a United States national . Buzz Aldrin was an American . Buzz Aldrin is a US national . Elliot See was a test pilot . Elliot See served as a test pilot . Elliot See flew as a test pilot . Elliot See ' s occupation was a test pilot . Elliot See performed as a test pilot . The university of texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas system . The University of Texas at Austin ' s mascot is called Hook ' em . Hook ' em is the mascot for the University of Texas at Austin . The mascot of the University of Texas is Hook ' em . The Hook ' em is the mascot of University of Texas at Austin . The academic staff size of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is 100 . The academic staff number 100 at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 . The campus address for the Acharya Institue of Technology is : Soldenvanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Alba Iulia is located in Romania . Alba Iulia is in the country of Romania . Alba Iulia is in Romania . Alba Iulia os part of the county of Alba . Alba lulia is part of Alba County . Alba Iulia is part of Alba County . The patron Saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle . Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania . The academic staff of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University number 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has academic staff size of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 . The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the country of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is situated in Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica . Pietro Canonica designed the Atatürk Monument in Izmir . Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) . The Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica . Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica . The designer of the Atatürk _ Monument ( İzmir ) is Pietro Canonica . Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze . The material of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is bronze . The Ataturk Monument is made from Bronze . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is made of Bronze . Ataturk Monument is made of Bronze . Azerbaijan leader ' s name is Artur Rasizade . The name of the leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan . The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial can be found is Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan . The materials used for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is created in red granite and white marble . The material of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made with red granite and white marble . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian crisis is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law . AIP Advances had the EISSNnumber 2158 . The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158 . A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover book . A Fortress of Grey Ice was made in hardcover . A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in Hardcover . The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4 . The ISBN number to A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4 . The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . Madeleine L ' Engle wrote " A Severed Wasp " . Madeleine L ' Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp . A Wizard of Mars is published in English . A Wizard of Mars is written in English . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the LCCN number 32024459 . The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has an LCCN number of 32024459 . The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459 . Above the Veil is available in hardcover . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is also known as Acta Mat . Hungar . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " . The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Mat . Hungar . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica covers the academic discipline of Mathematics . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica discipline is Math . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the CODEN code APGPAC . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is " APGPAC " . The CODEN code for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC . The OCLC number of Addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 . The OCLC number for Addiction journal is 27367194 . Addiction ( journal ) has an OCLC number 27367194 . Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of the journal Addiction . Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction ( journal ) . Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell . The LCCN number of the Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly ' s LLCN number is 57059226 . OCLC number 45644811 is Aenir . OCLC number 45644811 is for Aenir . The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 . Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian OCLC number is 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number of 7877110 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by the book Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1.337 . The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact Factor of 1.337 . The novel Castle is followed by Aenir . Aenir followed the novel Castle . Castle is followed by Aenir . Cornwell University is nicknamed Cornell Big Red . Cornell Big Red is the nickname of Cornell University . Cornell Big Red is the nickname for Cornell University . The HIV virus is from the genus Lentivirus . HIV is genus Lentivirus . HIV genus is categorised as Lentivirus . Wolf Solent is a notable work by John Cowper Powys . Wolf Solent is one of John Cowper Powys notable works . Wolf Solent is a notable work of author John Cowper Powys . Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom . The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II . Elizabeth II is the leader in the UK . Joe Biden is a United States leader . Joe Biden is a leader in the U.S . A leader in the United States is Joe Biden . John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent . John Cowper Powys is the author of " Wolf Solent " . The area code of Abilene , in Texas , is 325 . 325 is the area code for Abilene , Texas . The area code for Abilene in Texas is 325 . Abilene is a part of Texas . Abilene , Texas , is part of Texas . Albany , Georgia has a Mayor as leader . Albany , Georgia is lead by a Mayor . The leader of Albany , Georgia is the Mayor . Albany , Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres . The total area of Albany Oregon is 45.97 Sq K . The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45.97 sq kms . Albany , Oregon is in the U.S . Albany , Oregon is located within the United States . Albuquerque , New Mexico is led by the State Senate . The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico . Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council . Amarillo is in Texas , in the United States . The United States is the home country to Amarillo , Texas . Amarillo , Texas is located within the United States . Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas . Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas . Amarillo is in Texas , in the United States . Amarillo , Texas is part of the United States . Amarillo , Texas , is part of the United States . Anaheim , in California , has the area code 657 . The area code of Anaheim , California is 657 . The area code for Anaheim , California , is 657 . Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union . Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana . Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County . A City Administrator leads Ann Arbor , Michigan . The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor in Michigan . Mayor , is the title of the leader in Ann Arbor , Michigan . Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the Mayor . The leader title of Ann Arbor , Michigan , is Mayor . The city of Ann Arbor , Michigan , has a population of 1580.7 as per square kilometre . AnnArbor , Michigan has a population of 1580.7 peer square kilometer . The population density of Ann Arbor , Michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km . Antioch , CA is 13 above sea level . Antioch , California is 13.0 metres above sea level . Antioch , California is located at 13.0 above sea level . The leader title of Antioch , California , is California ' s 11th State Assembly district . The leader title of Antioch California is California ' s 11th State Assembly district . Arlington Texas is has an elevation of 184 above sea level . Arlington in Texas is located at 184.0 above sea level . Atlantic County , New Jersey is located in the United States . Atlantic County in New Jersey is located in the United States . Attica is part of Fountain County Indiana . Attica , Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana . Auburn is part of Alabama . Auburn is located in Alabama . California is in the United States . California is in the U.S . Atlanta is the largest city of Fulton County , Georgia . Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County , Georgia . The state of Georgia is in the U.S . Georgia is in the country of United States . The state of Georgia is located within the United States . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana . Lee County is in Alabama . Lee County is in the state of Alabama . Lee County is situated within the state of Alabama . Trenton is the capital of New Jersey . The capital of the state of New Jersey is Trenton . Potter County is in Texas . Potter County is in the State of Texas . Tarrant County , Texas is situated in the United States . Tarrant County in Texas is in the U.S . Tarrant County , Texas is located within the United States . Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County , Michigan . The largest town in Washtenaw county Michigan is Ann Arbor . The largest city in Washtenaw County , Michigan is Ann Arbor . The full name of A. . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their home ground in Verona , Italy holds 39371 fan . The club played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . A. . Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in Serie A and has 39371 member . Their full name is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " and their home ground is in Verona , Italy . Italian born Rolando Maran manages Associazione Calcio Chievo Veron . He is also in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club as well as playing for Carrarese Calcio . Italian born Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio and is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. clu . He is currently the manager of AC Chievo Verona . Born in Italy , Rolando Maran is the manager of AC Chievo Veron . He also plays for Carrarese Calcio and is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club . Michele Marcolini , manager of A. . Lumezzane , was born in Italy , owns Torino F. . And has been associated with F. . Bari 1908 . Italian born Michele Marcolini , previously at FC Bari 1908 and manager of AC Lumezzane , is the owner of Torino F.C . Italian born Michele Marcolini , previously of FC Bari 1908 , is now the manager of A. . Lumezzane , whist also the owner of Torino F.C . Greece , led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis is the location of A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , where the language is greek . Greece is the location of the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis clu . The language of the country is Greek and two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras heads Greece and Nikos Voutsis is the leader . The full name of the Italian club AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . They played in the 2014 season and they have 5300 members . The full name of A. . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Sr . The club has 5300 members and has a ground in Ital . It competed in the 2014 season . Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to A.S.Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members , has its grounds in Italy and played in the 2014 season . The fullname of A. . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and they competed in the 2014 seaso . Their ground is called the Stadio Pietro Barbetti and they have 5300 members . Associazione Sportive Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to AS Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members , played in the 2014 season and its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti . The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . Its ground is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti , it competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members . The fullname of A. . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picch . They competed in Serie B during the 2014-15 season and has 19238 members . 19238 members strong Livorno Calcio S.p.A. , AKA A. . Livorno Calcio , played season 2014-15 in Serie B from their home stadium Stadio Armando Picchi . Stadio Armando Picchi ' s is home to A S Livorno Calcio ( Livorno Calcio S.p.A. ) .They have 19238 members and played the 2014-15 Serie B season . A. . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they have 70634 member . Their ground is in Rome and the club played in Serie A in 2014-15 . The fullname of A. . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they have 70634 member . The club have a ground in Rome and competed in Serie A in 2014-15 . A.S Roma were in Serie A in 2014-1 . They have a ground in Rome and have 70634 members , there full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan and they compete in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions . AZAL PFK plays at AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan and competes in their Premier Leagu . The champions of the league are Qarabag FK . AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , which champions are Qarabag FK , its ground is AZAL Arena , that is located in Azerbaijan . AZAL PRK , known as the Qarabag FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League is located in AZAL Arena and has 3500 members . The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag F . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK . John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A. . He manages AZ Alkmaair which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , which has the nickname Asa Gigante , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazi . The league was previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , nicknamed Asa Gigante , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazi . Their nickname is Asa Gigant . The champions of the league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Brazilian football team Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their football in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C leagu . Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is a Brazilian leagu . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were the winners at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , as they did in 2015 , which is based in Brazi . The current champions of this league are Villa Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 even . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Série C . 3000 member strong Akron Summit Assault , fullname " Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault " , play in the 2011 PDL seaso . Denzil Antonio was previously their manager . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio , United State . They play in the Premier Development League , which has been won by K-W United FC . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio , US . They play in the Premier Development League which was previously won by K-W United FC . The Akron Summit Assault team of Akron , Ohio , U.S currently play in the Premier Development League , of which K-W United FC have previously been champions . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome , the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian . Italian is spoken in Italy where the capital city is Rom . The country , which is lead by Sergio Mattarella is the location of the AS Gubbio 1910 ' s ground . The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grass . The Italian language is spoken in the country which is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome , Italian is the official language and Pietro Grasso is the leader . The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. " is the non-abbreviated name of A. . Roma with their ground in Stadio Olimpic . A. . Roma play in Serie A whose current champions are Juventus F.C. . The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. " is the full name name of A. . Roma who have their home ground at Stadio Olimpic . The club plays in Serie A alongside Juventus FC who have been previous champions . A. . Roma play in Serie A where Juventus F.C are among there former champion . There full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they play at the Stadio Olimpico . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff of 100 , the dean is named Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio in Switzerlan . It ' s dean is Mario Botta with its staff size being 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 199 . It has 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Switzerland and has 600 attending student . It ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 student . The leader of the country has the title Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ( Dean - Mario Botta ) was established in 1996 , has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the city of Mendrisio . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff size of 100 peopl . Its dean is Mario Botta . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisi . It has an academic staff size of 100 and the dean is Mario Botta . Acharya Institute of Technology has an affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University ( Belgaum ) and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai . Acharya Institute of Technology , an affiliation of Belgaum ' s Visvesvaraya Technological University was recognized as the Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education of Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radharkrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students . Acharya Institue of Technology campus which has 700 postgraduate students is located in India at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Acharya Institute of Technological in Bangalor , India has 700 post-graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology ( Director - D . . . Prabhukumar ) , is located in India , was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 200 . Its director is D . . . Prabhukuma and the school is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University and established in 2000 in India , Acharya Institute of Technology is led by director D . . . Prabhukumar . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania ( capital Bucharest ) . The leader of Romania is Klaus lohannis and the ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohanni . The country is home to different ethnic groups , one of which are the Germans of Romani . The capital city is Bucharest and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and affiliated to the European University Associatio . It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 192 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff . Denmark ' s School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 192 . It currently has 737 staff and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmar . It has an academic staff of 737 and a student body of 16000 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark ( established 1928 ) has an academic staff of 737 and a student roll of 16000 . With a runway length of 1 , 121 metres , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Texas , in the United States . Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport in the U. . Its runway is 1121 long . Abilene , Texas , United States , is served by Abilene Regional Airport , which has a runway length of 1121.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain , and operated by the Madrid-based ENAIRE . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spai . The airport is operated by ENAIRE . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , operated by Madrid ' s ENAIRE , is located in Alcobendas , Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . The runway name is 18R / 26L and is 3 , 500 in length . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . ENAIRE operates this Airport. 18R / 36L is the runway name and its length is 3500 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and run by ENAIR . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 3500 m long , . Agra airport is in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , is located 167.94 metres above sea level . Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( lead by Ram Naik ) which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh where Agra airport is located and is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and also Bundelkhand , and lead by Ram Naik . Al Asad airbase is operated bt the United States Air Force which carried out the 1986 United States bombing of Liby . Its aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States air force who were involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya , and deploy the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and have the Lockheed AC130 on their aircraft carriers . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who participated in the battles during Operation Enduring Freedo . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and also make use of the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and has the Lockhead AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as aircraf . One of their battles was Operation Enduring Freedom. . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Lockheed AC-130 aircraft carrier . The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft used by the USAF and they were involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter aircraf . They also fought in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedom . Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate Al Asad Airbas . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter aircraft . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedo . The Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are two of their aircrafts . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who took part in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenad . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter . The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenad . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . The United States Air Force , who fought in the Invasion of Grenada operates the Al Asad Airbas . The USAF fly Lockheed AC-130 aircraft from aircraft carriers , in addition to the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority has headquarters at Jinnah International airport and governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan which is lead by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punja . The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered in Jinnah International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of Punjab.The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters is in the Jinnah International Airport . Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena , Michigan and is located at Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michiga . It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County and serves the city of Alpena , Michiga . It is located 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 . Alpena , Michigan , is served by the Alpena County Regional Airport in Maple Ridge Townshi . The runway length is 1533.0 and the elevation is 210 metres above sea level . The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is -3.3528 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 2014.0 meters and 06 / 24 , Kaagbaan , is the runway name . Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea leve . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 2014.0 and it has the runway name , 06 / 24 Kaagbaan . The demonym for the people of Texas is Tejano and the spoken language is Englis . The state is the location of Andrews County airport and has the capital city of Austin . Andrews County airport is in Texas where the capital city is Austin , the local people are known as Tejano and the spoken language is English . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin.Tejano are the inhabitants of the state and English language is spoken there . Andrews County Airport , Texas is in the United State . The inhabitants of Texas , Texans , speak English . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas within the United States , the people of Texas are referred to as Texans and the local language is English . Texas is the location of Andrews County airport and is in the United State . The inhabitants are known as Texans and they speak the English language . Andrews County airport is in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texans and Spanish is spoken . Texans are the people from Texas in the United States where Spanish is spoken and Andrews County airport is located . Andrews County Airport is located in Texts , United State . The people of Texas are called Texans and Spanish language is spoken there . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United State . In Texas , the capital city is Austin and the largest city is Houston . Andrews County airport in the US is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston . Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital . At 159 meters above sea level , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , part of Luanda Province , in Angola . Angola International airport , situated 159 metres above sea level , is located at Ícolo e Bengo , part of Luanda Province in Angola . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angol . It is 159 metres above sea level. . The Flemish Government runs the flemish region in Belgium where Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium and is under the jurisdiction of the Flemish government . The Flemish region , which is led by the Flemish government , is part of Belgiu . Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp . Appleton International Airport ( in Greenville , Wisconsin ) has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level , serves the city of Appleton , and has a runway length of 2 , 439 . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the nearby city of Appleto . The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 2439 metres long . Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin it serves Appleton , it ' s runway length is 2439 units and it is 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International airport , which serves Appleton , Wisconsin , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of both Menasha and Dale . Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsi . Both Menasha and Dale are parts of Greenville . Appleton International airport serves Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsi . Both Menasha ( town ) and Dale are parts of Greenville . Poaceae is of the order poales , the class of Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinid . It constitutes the surface of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales , the class is Monocotyledon , and belongs to the order of Commelinids . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae.Poaceae belongs to the Poales and Commelinids order and classified as Monocotyledon . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 597. . It has the runway name 03R / 21L and the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae . Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597. . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and one of the runways is called 03R / 21L . Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 meters above sea leve . It has a runway name of 03R / 21L with a length of 597.0 . With a runway length of 1 , 873 , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jerse y ( part of Atlantic County ) in the United States . Egg Harbor Township , is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United State . With a runway length of 1873 metres , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE , which is located in the city of Madrid , Spai . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE from the city of Madrid , Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE ( Madrid ) , is found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas; Spain . Egg Harbor Township is in New Jersey , in the United States and is where Atlantic City International Airport is locate . This airport has a runway length of 3048.0 . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United State . It is where Atlantic City International Airport ( with a runway length of 3048.0 ) is located . Atlantic City Airport , ( runway length 3048.0 ) is located in Egg Harbor Township , which is part of New Jersey in the United States . Poaceae , of the class Monocotyledon and the order of commelinids belongs to the division of flowering plants and is used as the surface of the second runway of Ardmore airport , New Zealand . The surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is Poacea . Poaceae is a flowering plant of the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poacea . Poaceae is a flowering plant in the class of Monocotyledon in the order of Commelinids . Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa , which capital is Cape Tow . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in that country and one of the the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans . Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa , South Africa is location of 11 Diagonal Street , has the capital of Cape Town and has an ethnic group of Asian South Africans . With the capital of Cape Town , South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street , has the ethnic group of Asian South African and one of its leaders is Cyril Ramaphosa . With the capital of Cape Town , South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the ethnic groups of Asian South Africans and white South Africans . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , of which Cape Town is the capita . Two ethnic groups within South Africa are the Asian South Africans , and white South Africans . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Tow . White South Africans and Asian South Africans are ethnic groups in South Africa . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is governed by Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is governed by the Cleveland City Council . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , and is governed by Cleveland City Council . Construction beginning in January 2014 , Postmodern art 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square meters . Construction of the 12 floor Postmodern style building , 250 Delaware Avenue , which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres began in January 2014 . First begun to be built in January 2014 , the postmodernist art 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Du Page County , Illinois , United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza . 300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinoi . The leader or Chicago is Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle is situated in Chicago which is part of the Dupage County in Illinois located in the U. . Susana Mendoza is currently the leader of Chicago . 3 Arena is located in Dublin , the Republic of Ireland , where Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayo . The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment . The Lord Mayor of Dublin ( Republic of Ireland ) is Criona Ni Dhalaig . Based in Dublin is 3Arena which is owned by Live Nation Entretainment . the 3Arena , Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainmen . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin . Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena , located in Dublin , Republic of Irelan . The Lord Mayor of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh . Owned by Live Nation Entertainment , 3Arena can be found in Dublin in the Republic of Ireland , a Republic run by Lord Mayor Críona Ní Dhálaigh . AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen , Denmark and the tenant from the hotel is Marriott Internationa . It is own by Bella Center and there is 23 floors in that hotel . There are 23 floors in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmar . The tenant is the Marriott International Hotel and the owner is Bella Center . Located in Denmark and with tenant Marriott International , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott Internationa . The hotel has 23 floors , was designed by the company 3XN and is owned by the Bella Center . 3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by the Bella Center and currently tenanted by Marriott International . Bella Center owns AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and Marriott International is a tenan . The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN . Construction began in 1927 and finished in 1931 of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka and was in the Tudor and Jacobean style . The Tudor and Jacobean styled Adisham Hall was built in Sri Lanka between 1927 and 1931 . Adisham Hall began in 1927 and completed in 193 . It has a Tudor and Jacabian style and is located in Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka which has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Tamil is the language of the country . Adisham Hall can be found in Haputale , Sri Lanka , a country with the capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and language of the Tamil language . Adisham Hall can be found in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Sri Lanka ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is the Tamil Language . Construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in 1927 and ended in 193 . It was built in the Tudor Revival architectural style . Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was started in 1927 and completed in 193 . It has the Tudor Revival style . The architectural styled " Tudor Revival " Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was built in 1927 and completed in 1931 . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Akita , Japa . One of the ethnic groups of Japan is the Filipinos . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the Filipinos . The Akita Prefecture , where the Akita Museum of Art is located , is part of the country of Japan a country where one of the ethnic groups is Filipinos . The Mason School of Business is located in the US and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hal . Robert A. . Stern is the architect for Alan . Miller Hall , which is situated in Virginia . The US based Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which is located in Virginia , United States and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern . Situated in Virginia , United States , , Alan . Miller Hall was completed on 1st June 200 . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business . Located in Virginia , United States and with the current tenants of the Mason School of Business , the Alan . Miller Hall was completed in June 1st , 2009 . Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Indi . Narendra Modi is the Prime Minister of India whilst Sumitra Mahajan is another leader of India . Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Ahmedabad , India , a country lead by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Indi . T S Thakur was an Indian leader . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujurat , Indi . T S Thakur is a leader in India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India , where the leader was . . Thakur . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Ski Lankan rupe . One of the leaders of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lank . The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building and the Asilomar State Beach . Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco and designer of many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach , was also the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference . Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisc . She designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald examiner , a landmark in California . Born in California , Julia Morgan has designed buildings such as Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and The Riverside Art Museum , and was also the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference . Julia Morgan from California , designed many important buildings including the Los Angeles Herald building and the Asilomer Conference Grounds . Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , U.S. which is part of Manhatta . New York City was part of New Netherland . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New Netherland in the United States . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , on Manhattan Island , New York , in the United State . New York City was part of what was New Netherland . The architect John Madin was the designer of 103 Colmore Row , which is located in his home city of Birmingha . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham and the city has the postal code ' B ' . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , Birmingham nativ . Birmingham has the postcode area ' B ' and is lead by Labour politician , John Clancy . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham which has the postcode area ' B ' and is home town of John Madin the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row . Addis Ababa , Ethiopia is home to Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hal . The name of the leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome . Mulatu Teshome is a leader in Ethiopia , a country where Addis Ababa is located and within which is Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium . Mulata Teshome is an Ethiopian leade . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopi . Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa . The leader of the US is known as the President and the capital city is Washington D . One of the country ' s leaders if Paul Ryan and it is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Paul Ryan is president of the United States and both 250 Delaware Avenue and Washington DC ( the capital ) are located there . Paul Ryan is the leader , or President of the United States , of which Washington D.C. is the capital. 250 Delaware Avenue is part of the United States . Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco , a food which originates from Andalusia , in Spain . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia Spain and ingredients include bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . Ajoblanco , a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain , has the main ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo blanco , a dish that comes from Andalusia Spain . Ajoblanco is a food originates from the Andalusian region of Spain and contains water.An other alternative name of the dish is Ajo blanco . Lemper , a dish variation of Arem-Arem contains Banana leaf in which is cooked compressed rice with vegetables or minced meat fillings and is a form of Javanese cuisine . The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat filling . The dish is of Javanese cuisine and has a variation known as Lemper . Arem-arem is a food that is found nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java , it can be served as a main course and has a banana leaf in i . It ' s main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat filling . It is served as a main course and is found nationwide in Indonesia and more specifically in Java . Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome in Ital . It is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy.The main ingredients of it are tomatoes , red chili pepper , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Ital . An important ingredient is chili pepper and it also contains tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arros Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spai . The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , and cubanelle peppers . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spai . The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , and cubanelle peppers . Arros negre , from the Catalonia region of Spain , includes Cephalopod ink , white rice , cuttlefish / squid and cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients of Arròs negre , which is from Spain , are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle and cubanelle pepper . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepper . It is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepper . It is a traditional Spanish dish from the Catalonia region . Arros negre is a traditonal dish from the Valencian Community , Spai . It has the main ingredients of white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubnelle peppers . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spai . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysi . It can also be called Asam padeh and it ' s ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas ( aka asam padeh ) is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysi . The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam padeh is also known as asam pedas and is a food found in Malaysia originating from the Sunatra and Malay Peninsula region . The main ingredients is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatr . Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatr . Malay is the ethnic group of Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra . Asam pedas is found in Malaysia , originating from Sumatr . Sumatra is home to the Minangkabau people and Malaysia , the Malay people . The Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas city metro area in the U. . The main ingredient in it is bacon and also includes sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States and includes the main ingredient of sausage and bacon . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United State . The main ingredient is bacon along with sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where one of the leaders is Paul Rya . It is also where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Washington , D.C. is the capital . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and the leader is Paul Rya . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the capital is Washington , D.C . The Bacon Explosion originates from the United State . The U.S. boasts leader Paul Ryan , is home to Asian Americans and has its capital in Washington D.C . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , have a variant called a BLT , include the ingredient bacon and sometimes go by the name of : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich , of which an ingredient is bacon , has a variation called the BLT and has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . A bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the BLT , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . It is a dish containing bacon and comes from the United Kingdom . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and a variation is the BL . An ingredient used is brown sauce and it ' s different names include Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom , it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . Brown sauce can be served with it and a variation is the BLT . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauc . A variation of the sandwich is a BLT and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . From the United Kingdom , the bacon sandwich ' s main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . It can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and its main ingredients are bread , bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.It has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich , ( popular in the UK ) , are bread , bacon and ketchup or brown sauce as a condimen . The bacon sandwich has several alternative names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Baked Alaska has the main ingredients of meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . It is found in France , the US , China , Hong Kong , New York and Paris . Baked Alaska contains : ice cream , sponge cake ( Christmas pudding ) and meringu . It is found in Hong Kong , New York and Pari . The origins are either France , Canada or the United States . Baked Alaska comes from either Paris , New York USA or Hong Kon . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska . Baked Alaska is found in Hong Kong , New York and Pari . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are its main ingredients . The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area which is part of Derbyshir . It ' s a variant of bakewell pudding and uses frangipane . Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , includes the ingredient frangipane and originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . Bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and comes from the Derbyshire Dale . It contains frangipane . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding that originates from the Derbyshire Dale . It is a dessert that has the main ingredients of ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which is a dessert that comes from the Derbyshire Dales area and has the main ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and contains the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and egg . It has a variation called Bakewell tart . From the Derbyshire Dales region ( in Derbyshire ) , isBakewell puddin . A variation of which , is Bakewell tart , its main ingredient is shortcrust pastry . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which uses shortcut pastry and comes from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire . Bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshir . The main ingredient is shortcrust pastry . Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa regio . Its main ingredients include red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region , Columbi . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa region and contains the ingredients : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Batagor is an Indonesian food and a variation of the Siomay dish.It contains a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut suace . Batagor , ( a variation of Siomay ) , is a dish found in Indonesia and its main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor , from Indonesia , is a dish consisting of fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauc . Siomay is a variation of batagor . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesi . It is a variation on Siomay or Shumai , the latter of which includes Shiitake . Shumai , which has shiitake as a component and is similar to Siomay , is a variation of the Indonesian dish batagor . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is leader and Standard Chinese is spoke . The dish originated from the region of Indonesia . Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia and also Singapor . The leader of Singapore , where Standard Chinese is the spoken language , is Halimah Yacob . Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesi . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is served in the region of Indonesia and is also found in Singapor . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beek kway teos includes : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , black beans , garlic , oyster , soya and soy sauce , lengkuas , chili and sesame oi . It is found in Singapore . Beef kway teow is known to come from the Singapore region and also Indonesi . It ' s main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow , originating in Indonesia , is a dish found in Singapor . Its main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teo . The dish originated in Singapore and is found in Indonesia . Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where The English language is spoke . The dish is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapor . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoke . The dish is also popular in Indonesia . Singapore ' s leader is Tony Tan and one of the country ' s spoken language is English.Beef kway teow is made there and Indonesia too . Bhajji comes from the country India , where two of the leaders are T. . Thakur and Narendra Mod . It is also where the Indian rupee is the currency . Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupe . The leader of India is either . . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi . Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either . . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi . Bhajji originate from India where the Indian people come fro . The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originate from India where the Indian people are lead by T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of Indi . Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India , another leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India.The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region in Indi . The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji comes from Karnataka , Indi . One leader in India is T. . Thakur and another Vajubhai Vala . Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , Indi . The leader of India is called . . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region or Indi . Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka and T. . Thakur is the leader of India . Cookies and binignit are types of desser . One of the ingrediens in binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order Solanales . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico , a food found in Guadalajara , in Mexico . Bionico has the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients of Bionico , a dish from the Guadalaraja region of Mexico , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico;its ingredients contain the following : sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.The main ingredients of the food are : chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico and consists of sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut . Bakso is a Chinese dish found in Indonesia , the leader of which is Jusuf Kall . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia . Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is found in Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Bakso comes from Indonesia , and celery is a main ingredien . Jasuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia . Celery is an ingredient of Bakso , a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Bakso ( which contains celery ) is a dish found in Indonesia where it originate . One of the country ' s leaders is Jusuf Kalla . Two leaders of Italy , where Amatriciana sauce is found , are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarell . Its capital is Rome . Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes fro . The capital is Rome and political leaders include Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella . Rome is the capital of Italy , where Sergio Mattarell and Matteo Renzi are leaders and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . Ayam penyet comes from the Singaporean region and Halimah Yacob is the country ' s leader.It can be found in Java as well where Baduy people is an ethnic group . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore which is lead by Halimah Yaco . It is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Ayem penyet is a dish from Java where the Baduy are an ethnic grou . It also originates from the region of Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and Singapor . The leader of the latter is Tony Tan and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Jav . Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java and Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet is foun . The dish originates in Singapore , where Tony Tan is the leader . The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is eaten ther . Ethnic groups include the llocano people and the Moro people . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Phillippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Moro . The Moro and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups within the Philippines where batchoy is eaten and the language used is Philippine Spanish . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain whose leader is Felipe VI and Euro is its currenc . Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain . The Euro is the currency in Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and Spaniards are an ethnic grou . Spain is also the home of the traditional dish Arròs negre . Arròs negre is a dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe V . Spaniards are an ethnic group of Spain and the currency used is the euro . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams Count . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County of the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania. . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast . The municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , with Franklin County to its west and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast . Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County while Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvani . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania and falls under the category of Contributing property . Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan is the location of the Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan ' s capital Bak . The Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and the location of the Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Bak . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and the leader of the legislature ( the National Assembly ) is Artur Rasizad . Azerbaijan is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial . The National Assembly is the legislative branch of government in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizad . The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in the capital , Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , where leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is known as the National Assembly . The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , and is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade . Artur Rasizade was an Azerbaijan leade . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and located in Azerbaijan . Artur Rasizade is an Azerbaijan leade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Baku , Azerbaijan is made with red granite and white marble and has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is located in Azerbaijan , where the official leader ( Prime Minister of Azerbaijan ) is called Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , and is located in Azerbaijan , which is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade . Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister of Azerbaija . Azerbaijan is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War ( author : David Weber ) and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English . 1634 : The Baltic War , written by David Weber , has two sequels , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and Ring of Fire II ( written in English ) . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 page . It can be found as an ebook and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . The author of the novel 1634 The Ram Rebellions author is Virginia DeMarce , it is 512 pages long ( also can be found as an e-book ) and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which has 512 pages , the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is available as an e book . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdo . The capital of the country is London and it ' s leader is Elizabeth II . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , London , by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , the AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , tha capital of the UK is London and the head of state is Elizabeth II . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones and is available in prin . Th book which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633- . It also has the OCLC number 51969173 . The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice , available in print , is J. . Jones and has an OCLC number of 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6 . J. . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice , made available in print it ' s OCLC and ISBN numbers are 51969173 and 0-7653-0633-6 respectively . Published by Viking Press , the Irish novel A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way , written in Ireland and published by Viking Press , was preceded by Annie Dunne , and followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Pres . It was preceded by Annie Dunn and followed by The Secret Scripture . A Severed Wasp is available in print , with The Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 198 . Its ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 , and its OCLC number is 8805735 . The Book A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 ) is available in print and has the OCLC number 880573 . It has the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982 . A Severed Wasp is in print and has the OCLC number of 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131- . The Library of Congress Classification is PS3523.E55 S4 1982 . English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in A Severed Was . The book originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group , . A Severed Wasp was written in English ( the language originated in Great Britian ) in the United State . The US has many ethnic groups , including African American . A Severed Wasp was published in hardback and has 388 page . The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 " . A Severed Wasp , published in hardback , has 388 page . Its OCLC number is 8805735 , and ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 . A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 page . It ' s OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 . A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in hardcover , has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and the OCLC number 318875313 . A Wizard of Mars , OCLC number 318875313 , ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 , was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback . A Wizard of Mars , ISBN number is " 978-0-15-204770-2 " , OCLC number 318875313 , was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback . The Addiction journal concerns the topic of Addiction and has the LCCN number 9364597 . The abbreviated name is " Addiction " and the ISSN number is 1360-0443 . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal and is about Addictio . The LCCN number is 93645978 and the ISSN number is 1360-0443 . The ISSN number of Addiction ( journal ) , which is about addiction , is 1360-044 . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of Addiction and the LCCN number 93645978 . Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterl . The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is located in Ithaca , New York stat . It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University is located in the city of Ithaca , New York , it ' s affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English and comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the African Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an English book written in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capitol city is Washington . The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to A . . Math. and comes under the discipline of Mat . It is published bimonthly and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics studies mathematics and is abbreviated to A . . Mat . It is published bimonthly and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics , aka A . . Math. , is a bi-monthly journal about Mathematics , ISBN number 1080-6377 . The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics , published in 1878 . The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreivated to A . . Math , studies mathematic . It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number of 1080-6377 . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-637 . It falls under the academic discipline of Math and the abbreviated title is A . . Math. . English is the language in Great Britain and the United State . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press which are based in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is based in the United State . The language spoken in the U.S. , and in Great Britain , is English . The language of the United States and Great Britain is Englis . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is where A severed Wasp originates from . English is the language of Great Britain and the United State . The country is the origin of A Severed Wasp and includes many Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp is from the English speaking ( also spoken in Great Britain ) United State . The United States is home to the Asian American ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native American . The English language is spoken in the US as well as Great Britain . The Book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originated in the U.S. where Native Americans make up many of the countries ethnic group . English is the national language of both Great Britain and the United States . English is spoken in Great Britain and is also the language of the United States , of which Native Americans are one of its ethnic groups and from where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has come . In the United Kingdom , the Prime Minister is David Cameron and the queen is Elizabeth I . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . AIDS Journal , published by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins , is from the United Kingdo . The leader of the UK was David Cameron and Elizabeth II is the Queen . The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , the two leaders of this country are David Cameron and Elizabeth II . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United states where African American is an ethnic group and English is spoken like in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic grou . English is spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United State . That country has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and they speak English , same as in Great Britain . In Great Britain English is the language spoke . The same is true for the United States where there are many Asian American . It is also where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of which A Fortress of Grey Ice is also , the English language is spoken in both the United States and in Great Britain . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obam . The English language is spoken in the US where one of the ethnic groups is African American . The President of the United States is Barack Obama who is African American , which makes up one of the many ethnic groups in the United State . The national language spoken in the U.S. is Englis . The book A Severed Wasp originated in the U.S . Alan Bean ( of the United States ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 under the commander David Scott . United States national Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission under commander David S cott . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 , graduated with a M.A. from NWC in 1957 and retired on August 1st , 1974 . Alan Shepard was born 1923-11-18 in New Hampshir . He obtained a MA in 1957 from " NWC " he retired 1974-08-01 . American test pilot Alan Shepard died in California and was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a test pilo . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard was a test pilot born in New Hampshire who NASA picked as a member of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard , originally from New Hampshire joined NASA as a test pilot and also became a member of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission . The backup pilot to Apollo 12 was Alfred Worden and also part of Apollo 12 were Alan Bean and commander David Scott who were all chosen by NASA . Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA Apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott . Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States whose leader is Joe Bide . He was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . Elliot See , a graduate of University of Texas at Austin , was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 , and died in S . Louis . Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austi . He became a test pilo . He died in S . Louis on 1966-02-28 . Ellior See attended the University of Texas at Austi . He was a pilot and died in S . Louis , 28th February 1966 . Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas syste . He died in St Louis which is part of the Kingdom of France . Elliot See died in St Louis which is part of the kingdom of France , his alma mater was the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas , and died in S . Louis on February 28th , 1966 . Ellior See was born 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in S . Louis on 28th February 1966 . The members of Apollo 8 were Buzz Aldrin who was backup pilot , commander Frank Borman and William Anders who retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 under Commander Frank Borrman and backup pilot Buzz Aldri . He retired 1969.09.01 . Tim Brooke-Taylor was the star of Bananaman , an STV series first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and created by Steve Bright . Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylo . The show was first aired on 3rd October 1983 by STV . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman that was created by Steve Brigh . It was broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983 . Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón ( Puerto Rican ) created the comic character Bolt , the alternative name of which is Larry Bolatinsky . The comic book character of Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsk . It was created by Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Damon Wayans J . The character was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau . Damon Wayans Jr starred in the film Big Hero 6 which also included the character of Baymax who was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans , J . The character was created by the American national Duncan Rouleau . Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , starring Jamie Chung , was created by Duncan Rouleau , an American . Jamie Chung starred in the film Big Hero 6 in which the character of Baymax appeare . Baymax was created by the American national , Duncan Rouleau . Duncan Rouleau , who is American , created the character Baymax , which appeared in the movie Big Hero 6 starring Jamie Chung . Big Hero 6 starred May Rudolph and the character of Baymax who was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolp . The creator of this character was American born Duncan Rouleau . Maya Rudolph stars in Big Hero 6 in which the character Baymax also appear . Baymax was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau . American Alan Bean was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scot . Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , is now retired . American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is retire . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , whose operator was NASA and David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler , Texas and joined NASA where he became a crew member of Apollo 1 . David Scott was his commander and Mr Bean is now retired . The American Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 , in New Hampshir . He graduated with an M.A. from NWC in 1957 , and was hired by NASA in 195 . Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was an American who went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . He was selected by NASA in 195 . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November , 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 195 . His death place was California . Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 195 . He passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 , in New Hampshir . He served as a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 14 mission before retiring on August 1 , 197 . Shepard passed away in California . Alan Shepard was part of NASA ' s Apollo 14 cre . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 , he retired August 1st , 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in 1923 in New Hampshire . He worked for NASA and became a crew member for Apollo 14 before he retired in August 197 . He later died in California . Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshir . He was won the American Defence Service Ribbo . The United States Navy also awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He died on July 21st , 1998 . Alan Shepard ( who died on the 21st of July , 1998 in California ) was born in New Hampshir . He was awarded American Defense Service ribbon , as well as the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Nav . The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . The U.S Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal , an award that ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . Shepard who was born in New Hampshire and died July 21st , 1998 in California , was also the recipient of the American Defense Service Ribbon . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey om January 20th , 193 . His real name is Edwin . Aldrin Jr. and after graduating from MIT with a doctorate in Science in 1963 , he became a member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ on January 20th 193 . His real name was Edwin . Aldrin , J . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 . Edwin E Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 1930 and graduated from MIT with a Doctorate in Science in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 193 . He graduated from MIT in 1963 and was hired by NASA in the same yea . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is now retired . Retired Apollo 11 crew member Buzz Aldrin was born January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He was selected by NASA in 1963 when he graduated from MIT with a S . D . Buzz Aldrin was originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from Massachusetts Institute of Technolog . He then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired . Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 and became a fighter pilo . He was selected to work for NASA in 1963 , and was chosen as a crew member ( serving as backup pilot ) of the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilo . In 1963 , he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a doctorate in Science and was selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 cre . William Anders was the backup pilot on Apollo 11 . Elliot See was born in Dallas as US national and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot See has died on the 28th of February 1966 in St Louis . United States national Elliot See was born in Dallas , and studied at University of Texas at Austi . On the 28th of February , 1996 he passed away in S . Louis . Elliot See was born on 07 / 23 / 1927 in Dallas and died in S . Loui . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is a part of the university of Texas system . Elliot See was born on 07 / 23 / 1927 in Dallas has graduated from the University of Texas which affiliated to the university of Texas System has died and deceased in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd 192 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas syste . Elliot See died in St.Louis . William Anders was born on October 17 , 1933 , in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. , and would go on to serve as a fighter pilot , and as a crew member on Apollo . Anders retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kon . He graduated in 1962 from AFIT with a M.S. and went on to become a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 8 before he retired in 1969 . William Anders was born in 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated in 1962 from AFIT with a M. . He then went on to become a test pilot and joined the Apollo 8 crew before he retired in 1969 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 199 . It has 600 student . Switzerland ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the current leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticin . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 student . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is named Johann Schneider-Ammann . Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India in the state of Karnatak . The school was established in 2000 and its director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The full address of the school is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka Indi . The institute ' s director is D . . . Prabhukumar and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , Indi . The Institute was established in the year 2000 and the director there is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 200 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Its president is B. . Reddy and its directore is D . G. . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr g P Prabhukumar as Director . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Indi . Its president is B. . Reddy and the director is D . . . Prabhukuma . It was established in 2000 and its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai , Karnataka was given the " Technological Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . The Acharya Institute offers tennis and the sports governing body is the International Tennis Foundatio . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west . Tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body , is offered as a sport at the Acharya Institute of Technolog . The Institute was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai and is situated in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to the west . Governed by the International Tennis Federation , the Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka offers tennis courses and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgiu . The institute was given Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . The institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . Governed by the International Tennis Federation , the Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis courses and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumba . It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Bucharest is the capital of Romania where one of the country ' s ethnic groups are the Germans of Romani . The country ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . The patron saint of the country is Andrew the Apostle and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . Romania is governed by a Prime Minister who is Klaus Iohannis . The country is also known for it ' s patron saint Andrew the Apostle , the ethnic group the Germans of Romania and the capital Buchares . Romania is also home to the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The leader of Romania , the Prime Minister , is Klaus Iohanni . The capital is Bucharest , their ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its patron Saint is Andrew the Apotl . In Romania we can found 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . Its academic staff numbers 737 and it is affiliated to the European University Associatio . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The city of Aarhus is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated with the European University Associatio . The School , which has 737 academic staff , was established in 1928 in Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Associatio . The country ' s leader is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University at Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . It is affiliated to the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 1928 and is affiliated to the European University Associatio . There are 16000 students and an academic staff of 727 . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 1928 and its affiliation is European University Associatio . The number of students is 16000 and academic staff is 737 . Ankara is the Turkish capital and the country ' s leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutogl . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found in Turke . Pietro Canonica designed the Monument and it is made of bronz . The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on the 27th July , 193 . It is made of bronze and it was designed by Pietro Canonic . Turkey ' s leader is called Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara . The capital city of Turkey is Ankara and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutogl . The country is the location of Izmir where the bronze Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaija . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The leader , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the country ' s leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizad . The Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and its designers are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Gune . The native name for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as Turk Sehitleri Anit . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle of Bak . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of the country . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield near Frederick , Marylan . The monument was established 1907-07-11 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United State . The monument has been provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11 , 1907 , in the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Marylan . The monument is categorized as a United States historic district and is under the responsibility of the National Park Servic . The closest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established on 11th July 1907 ) belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States and is located on Monocacy National Battlefiel . The nearest city is Frederick , Frederick County , Marylan . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland , United State . The monument was established on July 11th , 190 . It is now categorized as a United States historic district and is owned by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , United State . It belongs to the category of historic US districts and is owned by the National Park service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland , US . Established on July 11 , 1907 , the monument is categorized as a historic district and is owned by the National Park Service . The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny . The comic book character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo . The character Asterix was created by Reneé Goscinny and Albert Uderzo . Created by Len Wein , Aurakles ' s alternative name is also Aurakles . The character Aurakles , also known as Aurakles , was created by Len Wein . Doug Moench was the creator of the comic character Ballistic , who has the alternative name Kelvin Mao . Ballistic , ( also known as Kelvin Mao ) , is a fictional comic superhero created by Doug Moench . Doug Moench created the character Ballistic , the fictional superhero whose alter ego is Kelvin Mao . Starring Graeme Garden , Bananaman , the TV series was shown on the BBC . Graeme Garden starred in the TV series Bananman , which was shown on the BBC . Bananaman , which starred Graeme Garden , was broadcasted by the BBC . Bill Oddie , who stars in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire . Bananaman starred Bill Oddie who was born in Lancashire . Bill Oddie , who was born in Lancashire , starred in Bananaman . Bibbo Bibbowski was created by American , Jerry Ordway . The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski is Jerry Ordway , an American . Jerry Ordway , an American , is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski . Black Pirate , also known as Jon Valor , was created by Sheldon Moldoff . The Black Pirate ( Jon Valor ) , was created by Sheldon Moldoff . Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate , who is also known as Jon Valor . The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle . Blockbuster is a comic book character which was created by both Roger Stern and Tom Lyle . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle . Paris Culins and Gary Cohn are the creators of the comics character Bolt . Both Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn were the creator ' s of the comic character Bolt . The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which originates from Spain . One of the ingredients of Ajoblanco is bread and it originates from Spain . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which comes from Spain . Ajoblanco , from Andalusia , has almond as one of its ingredients . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , from Andalusia . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region and has almond as one of its ingredients . Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio . Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region and tomato is one of the ingredients . Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of Lazio . Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia . Bandeja paisa is a dish found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia . Arem-arem uses the ingredient banana leaf , it is a common dish in Indonesia . Banana leaf is an ingredient in arem arem , which comes from Indonesia . Arem arem which includes banana leaf , comes from Indonesia . Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce , found in Italy . Olive Oil is used to create Italian Arrabbiata sauce . Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce is found in Italy where the capital city is Rome . Rome is the capital of Italy which is where Arrabbiata sauce comes from . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy which has the capital city of Rome . Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy . Tomatoes are an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce from Italy . Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce , which originated in Italy . Arròs negre is from Spain , it includes squid . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , it includes squid . Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of Valencian Community . An ingredient of arros negre is cuttlefish , the dish comes from the Valencian community region . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and the main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Ayam penyet ( Javanese ) includes squeezed / smashed fried chicken and is served with sambal . A sausage is used when making a Bacon Explosion which has The United states to thank for inventing it . Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States that contains sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and includes sausage among its ingredients . The United States , where John Roberts is a leader , is the country of the Bacon Explosion . The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader . The United States ( with a leader , John Roberts ) boasts the Bacon Explosion . Bacon is an ingredient in the main course dish ' Bacon Explosion ' . Bacon is an ingredient in a main course called Bacon Explosion . Bacon Explosion is an entree that includes bacon , the main ingredient . A bacon sandwich on bread is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The bacon sandwich , which one of two ingedients is bread , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China , and contains Christmas pudding as an ingredient . France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska which can have Christmas pudding as an ingredient . Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from France , the United States and China . Baked Alaska comes from China , where Standard Chinese is spoken . Standard Chinese is spoken in China where baked Alaska is a dish . Baked Alaska and cookies are types of dessert . Baked Alaska and a cookie are both desserts . A Baked Alaska is a dessert along with cookies which you can also eat as a dessert . Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding , which was invented in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 , are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell tart , made with shortcrust pastry , is a variation of Bakewell pudding . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , made with shortcrust pastry . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry . Lemon ( part of genus Citrus ) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Lemon , from the genus citrus , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Lemon ( genus; citrus ) is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa . Batchoy is a food in the Philippines and one of its ingredient is shrimp . The Philippines is the country of origin for the dish Batchoy , of which shrimp is one of the main ingredients . The Philippines is the country that Batchoy , a dish containing shrimp , comes from . The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines , where batchoy is a traditional dish . Chinese Filipino are from the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten . Batchoy is a food from the Philippines , the country where there is an ethnic group called the Chinese Filipino . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore , where Chinese is spoken . Standard chinese speaking Singapore is the origin of beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore , from where Beef kway teow originates . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and it ' s leader is Tony Tan . Bhajji originates from India and Sumitra Mahajan is it ' s leader . Bhajji comes from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originates from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji , which uses gram flour , is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour . Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji , which is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour . An ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato , and one of the main ingredients is the banana . Banana is a main ingredient of Binignit and sweet potato is also an ingredient . The main ingredient of Binignit is banana , and also important is the inclusion of sweet potatoes . Sago is the main ingredient in binignit but sweet potatoes are also used in it . Binignit has the ingredients sweet potato and sago . Sweet potato and sago are main ingredients in Binignit . Sweet potatoes ( a kind of flowering plant ) are used in binignit recipes . Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient of Binignit . Sweet potatoes are the main ingredient of binignit and the potatoes are part of the order of Solanales . Sweet potatoes are members of the Solanales order of plant . They are the main ingredient of binignit . Sweet potato is of the order Solanales and are a main ingredient of binignit . Bionico is a dessert and it requires granola as one of it ' s ingredients . Bionico is a dessert , requiring granola as one of its ingredients . Bionico is a dessert that includes the ingredient granola . A popular dessert is Bionico and a variation of this dish can be honey . Honey can be used as a variaton in Bionico which is a dessert . Honey can be added to bionico , a dessert dish . Bionico and ice cream are both served as a dessert course . Bionico and ice cream are types of dessert . Bionico and Ice Cream are served at the dessert course . Batagor and Siomay ( which has peanut sauce as an ingredient ) are variations of the same dish . Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay and Batagor is a variation of this dish . Batagor is a variation of the dish Siomay , of which peanut sauce is an ingredient . AC Cesena are in the Serie B league , the previous champions of which are Carpi FC 1909 . A. . Cesana play in Serie B , in which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions . AC Cesena are in the Serie B league , previously won by Carpi F.C. 1909 . AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league and their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi . The home ground of A. . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi and the club is in the league , Serie A . The home ground of A. . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi , he played in Serie A . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso . A. . Lumezzane play in italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso . A. . Lumezzane play in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan , he played for the C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages A. . Isidro Metapa . He is in the C. . FAS . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan and plays for C. . FAS . A. . Dimitra Efeinoupolis has 1500 members and is in the EPSTH 2nd GROUP league . With 1500 members , A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Runcorn F. . Halton . AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who was a football player for Runcorn FC Halton . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , he played for Runcorn FC Halton . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , who plays at the Sparta Rotterdam club . Stuart Parker , who plays at the Sparta Rotterdam Club , has also managed AFC Blackpool . AFC Blackpool have had the manager Stuart Parker who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam . AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde and has 3180 members . AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde , which holds 3180 fans . The Fylde , ( capacity 3180 ) is the home ground of AFC Fylde . A.F. . Fylde has 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane . AFC Fylde has 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane . A.F. . Fylde are based at Bryning Lane and they have 3180 members . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who previously played for the Italian national football team . Grounds being in Rome , Italy , A. . Roma to play in Serie A . A. . Roma play in the Serie A league and their ground is in Rome , Italy . A. . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they play in Serie A . ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A which is based in Italy . ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A based in Italy . The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who is in the Ajax Youth Academy . AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer , who played for the Ajax Youth Academy . Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy and manages AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is the owner of AFC Ajax NV . AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is owned by AFC Ajax NV . AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. . AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan . The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader . AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members , played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) have 5000 members and played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season and their home ground has a capacity for 5000 fans . AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Shuvulan . The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvulan and is the ground of AZAL PFK . The AZAL Arena in Shuvalan is the ground of AZAL PFK . AZ Alkmaar ' s fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek , it has 17023 members . AZ Alkmaar has 17023 member and their full name is " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " . Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , its located in Brazil . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil and is the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which is in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is his full name ) has a club with 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members . The team Akron Summit Assault are based in Akron , Ohio , USA . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio which is in the U.S . The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio in the U.S . Massimo Drago ' s club is the S. . Chieti Calcio and he manages A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and plays for S. . Chieti Calcio . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 and the director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G P Prabhukuma . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . The All India Council for Technical Education gave the Acharya Institute of Technology the status of " Technical Campus " . The official school colours are blue , white and orange . The official school colours for Acharya Institute of Technology are blue , white and orange and the school got its Technical Campus status from the All India Council . The Acharya Institute of Technology ( official colour blue , white and orange ) has been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education . The International Tennis Federation , which is the sport ' s governing body , has agreed to let Acharya Institute of Technology offer tennis at the school . Tennis , as governed by the International Tennis Federation , is a sport offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association and is located in Brussels . Acharya Institue of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to the west . Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka , which has to its west the Arabian Sea . The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir , Turkey ) is 1932-07-27 . The Ataturk Monument is in Izmir Turkey and was founded on July 27 , 1932 . The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , which is in Turkey , is 1932-07-27 . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is made of red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , created in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is made of red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is created in red granite and white marble . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Dead Man ' s Plack , which is made of rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : the Bavarian Crisis , authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . Eric Flint is the author of ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' which can be found as an E book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion available as an E-Book is written by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and can be found in hardcover . The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover book by Eric Flint . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , available in hardcover was written by Eric Flint . ACM Transactions on Information Systems with the CODEN ATISET is abbreviated as ACM Tran . In . Syst . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. ) has the CODEN code " ATISET " . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . J. . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice , which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . . . Jones is the author of " A Fortress of Grey Ice , " ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 . A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 and is in print . A Glastonbury Romance with ISBN 0-7156-3648-0 is available in print . The ISBN number of the currently in print book , " A Glastonbury Romance , " is 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance identified by ISBN 0-7156-3648-0 was published in hardcover . " A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover with the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A hardcover copy of A Glastonbury Romance is available with the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is available in print . A Glastonbury Romance , currently in print , has 1174 pages . A Glastonbury Romance , 1174 pages , is available in print . The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4 , and its OCLC number is 57392246 . The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and the The ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 . The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4; the OCLC number is 57392246 . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , which includes among its ethnic groups Asian Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where many Asian Americans live , . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press , based in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States . A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane with on OCLC number 318875313 . Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which has the OCLC number of 318875313 . A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars was published in hardback and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and was published in hardback . A Wizard of Mars is 560 pages long and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars with ISBN number " 978-0-15-204770-2 contains 560 pages . Aenir and it ' s sequel Above the Veil are examples of Austrlian literature . Above the Veil , preceded by Aenir , is from the country of Australia . Above the Veil followed the book Aenir and is written in English . The book Aenir was followed up by Above the Veil , which is written in English . The novel Aenir was followed by Above the Veil written in English . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir , which was written after Castle . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir , which was preceded by the novel Castle . Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by the novel Castle . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the publisher of Springer Science+Business Media , founded by Julius Springer . Springer Science and Business Media , founded by Julius Springer , publishes Acta Mathematica Hungarica . Springer Science+Business Media founded by Julius Springer is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica . The Administrative Science Quarterly has a Coden code of " ASCQAG " and the abbreviation of Admin.Sci.Q . Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admi . Sc . Q , has a Coden code of " ASCQAG " . The code for Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admi . Sc . Q ) is ASCQAG . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and published Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , is publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Written by Garth Nix , Aenir , has the ISBN number of " 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . The hardcover edition of , " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " , has ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian , which is identified by ISBN 0-439-92550-9 , has 320 pages . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and is 320 pages long . The ISBN number of the 320-page long Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9 . AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV which belongs to the family Orthoretrovirinae . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV , a disease part of the Orthoretrovirinae family . AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV which is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , which has English as one of its languages . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Afric . One South African group is the Coloured . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which is home to some coloured people . There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square in Cleveland . 200 Public square , Cleveland , has a floor count of 45 . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is currently led by the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led via the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London which is lead via the European Parliament . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the leader of which was Barack Obama . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States - which is lead by Barack Obama . There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle in Illinois has 60 floors . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall , Dublin . 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin , and was built by HOK SVE . The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and was designed by HOK SVE . 3Arena at East Link Bridge is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3 Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is located in Beverly Hills , California . Live Nation Entertainment from Beverly Hills , California , are the owners of 3Arena . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and it has 23 floors . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is the Marriott International Hotel . Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and houses the Government of Addis Ababa . The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 metres high . Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and is occupied by the Government of Addis Adaba . Admisham Hall ' s architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian and the building is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka , is Tudor and Jacabian in style . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where they speak the Tamil language . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where they speak Tamil . The construction of Alan B Miller Hall , 101 Ukrop Way , began on 30th March 2007 . Alan . Miller Hall ' s building start date was in 30th March 2007 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way . Alan . Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way opened on March 30 , 2007 . Alan B Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary and located in Williamsburg , Virginia . Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia is owned by The College of William and Mary . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia . Robert . . Stern is the architect of the Alan . Miller Hall where the Mason School of Business is located . Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall and the Mason School of Business is a tenant there . Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall , which was designed by Robert A. . Stern . Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District in Sri Lanka . Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where Ampara Hospital is located . Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U. . Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . The National Register of Historic Places has the Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , located at U. . Route 83 , referenced at 88002539 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places , and is located at U. . Route 83 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California has a reference number in the National Register of Historic Places of : 87000823 . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California and it ' s reference number is 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . " 87000823 " is Asilomar Conference Grounds ' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places , and it is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds at Pacific Grove , California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds , Pacific Grove , California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 , 1987 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan , and was constructed in 1904 . Asser Levy Baths which was built in 1904 is located at 23rd Street in Manhattan . The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujurat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located . Amdavad Gufa is located in Gujarat and it ' s leader is Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and it ' s leader is Anandiben Patel . Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard retired on the first of August , 1974 . Alan Shepard , who served as a crew member of Apollo 14 , retired 1974-08-01 . Buzz Aldrin is a US national because he was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . American Buzz Aldrin hails from Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States . Buzz Aldrin was a US citizen born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Retiree Buzz Aldrin is a former fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is now retired but he was once a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin has since retired but he once served as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin served as a fighter pilot and is now retired . The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA and included Buzz Aldrin as one of its crew members . NASA operated the Apollo 11 program of which Buzz Aldrin was a member . Buzz Aldrin was on Apollo 11 which NASA operated . Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11 which is operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 - whose operator was NASA . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin performed as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , who was a fighter pilot , was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was also part of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin was both a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 flight crew . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 . Abilene is in Texas and is served by the Abilene regional airport . Abilene , part of Texas , is served by the Abilene regional airport . Abilene regional airport serves the city of Abilene which is in Texas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . Located in Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport has a runway with the length of 3500.0 metres . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located at San Sebastian de los Reye has a runway length of 3500 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0 metres . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500 . Agra Airport is in India where one of its leaders is T. . Thakur . Agra Airport is in India , where the leader is TS Thakur . Agra Airport is located in India , where the leader is T S Thakur . Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The Al Asad Airbase which is elevated 618 feet above sea level , is located in the Al Anbar Province in Iraq . The Al Asad Airbase , which is 618 ft above sea level , is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in The Operation of Enduring Freedom battle . Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate Al Asad airbase . The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate the Al Asad Airbase . The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force was involved in the invasion of Panama and is also the operating organisation for Al Asad air base . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas which is part of the Community of Madrid . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid . Poaceae is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport which has a runway with the length of 877.0 metres . The 1st runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0 and the surface is poaceae . Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , the HQ of which is at Jinnah International Airport . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which has its HQ at Jinnah International Airport , governs Allama Iqbal International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA . The Schipol Group are the operators of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which is -3.3528 above sea level . Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is -3.3528m a.s.l . Amsterdam airport Schipol is operated by the Schipol group and is -3.3528 above sea level . Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and The 4th runway is made of Asphalt . The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and the airport is 973 below sea level . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas which has the capital of Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Austin is the capital . Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda , it is 159m above sea level . The Angola International Airport , 159 m above sea level serves Luanda . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola . Antwerp International Airport , operated by The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works , is 12 metres above sea level . Appleton , Grand Chute , Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport . Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and is served by Appletone International Airport . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport ' s second runway has the surface type Poaceae which is part of the Poales order . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is a member of the order of Poales . Poaceae ( part of the Poales order ) is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae of the class Monocotyledon . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is included in the class Monocotyledon . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is included in the class of Monocotyledon . The runway length at Ashgabat International airport , located in Ashgabat , is 3800.0 . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and its runway length is 3800 . The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 3800.0 . Athens International Airport is in Spata and serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport , which is located in Spata , serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport in Spata serves the city of Athens . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3.800 metres . San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and is also the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , Gettysburg municipality , Pennsylvania in the United State . The Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . It was completed in 2000 and is categorized as Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . Established in 2000 , the Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pensylvani . It has a Contributing Property designation in Getysburg . Located in the municipality of Gettysburg , which is in Adams County , Pennsylvania , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 , and is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established July 11th , 1907 and is an historic district founded in the Monocacy National Battlefiel . The nearest city is Frederick , Maryland . Adams County , Pennsylvania , is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 200 . Adams County is south of Cumberland County , and northwest of Carrol County in Maryland and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument , which has a contributing property categorization , is found in Adams County , Pennsylvani . Adams County is bounded by Franklin County to the west; Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County to the South-eas . All except Carroll County are in Pennsylvania , which is in Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County , to the north is Cumberland County and the southwest lies Frederick County - all in Pennsylvani . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County , Maryland . Designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze , The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated in Izmir on July 27th 193 . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Azerbaijan ( capital Baku ) and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The native name of the memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " and is made from red granite and white marbl . The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of the country . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizad . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Bak . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Dead Man ' s Plack ( made of rock ) is found in England whose capital city is Londo . The main religion of this country is the Church of England and in the Cornwall region a language called Cornish is sometimes spoken . Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation located in England and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . One of the English ethnic groups are the British Arabs , and the capital of the country is London . Frederick city in Frederick County , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monumen . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States . The Monocacy National Battlefield is found in Frederick County , Marylan . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 and can be found in the Monocacy National Battlefiel . The monument is part of the category of Historic districts in the United States . The Atatürk Monument located in İzmir , Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July , 193 . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and Istanbul is the largest cit . Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey . Turkey ' s leader and therefore President is Ahmet Davutoğl . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the currency used in the country is the Turkish Lir . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found in Turkey . Ajoblanco , a dish with Spanish roots , is a mix of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oi . It originated in the Andalusia region and is also known as Ajo Blanco . Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , Ital . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil . Italian Amatriciana sauce of Lazio contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which can be found in an Italian meal as it is from Lazio region , Italy . In the country of Colombia , the Antioquia Department is where Bandeja paisa is foun . One of the ingredients in this dish is Avocado which has the genus Persea and belongs to the Lauraceae family . The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia which is where Bandeja paisa comes fro . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is from the genus of Persea and the Lauraceae family . The main course Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is also popular in Indonesi . The main ingredients are rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia where the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kall . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia but is more specific to Java . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupia . It is also the country that Arem arem , a Javanese dish , originates from . Arem-arem , a Javanese dish , is from Indonesia , where Indonesian is the language spoke . Two of the leaders in Indonesia are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesi . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kaila are the leaders of this Indonesian-speaking nation . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupia . The Javanese dish arem-arem is a commonly served in Indonesia . Arem-arem is a Javanese dish found in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken and Jusuf Kalla is a leade . Indonesia ' s currency is the rupiah . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy whose leader is Pietro Grass . The capital of Italy is Rome whose language is Italia . Italian are the people who reside in Italy . Italian speaking Rome , Italy , offers Arrabbiata sauc . Italy is home to leader Pietro Grasso . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital city is Rome and where the people that come from the country are called Italian . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy . Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Ital . Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce and other ingredients are chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community where Arros negre comes fro . It is a traditional dish from Spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Arros Negre comes from Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and they speak spanish , but it ' s more specific to the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Puig . Asam pedas is a popular dish in indonesia , but it ' s from Sumatra , where the Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra.It can also be found in Malaysia ( capital city : Kuala Lumpur ) where Malaysian chinese and Malay are ethnic groups . A food from Malaysia is asam pedas which is a dish from Sumatr . Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia and one of its ethnic groups are the Malaysian Malay who are Chinese . The Malays and Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Keda . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysi . It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula . Malaysia ' s capital city is Kuala Lumpur and among the country ' s ethnic groups can be found the Malay people and the Malaysian Indian . Asam Pedas is a dish of the region and can be found throughout the Malaysian peninsula . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , Colombi . One of its ingredients is the Avocado , which is a member of the Laurales plant order . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is from the region of Java and Malaysi . The dish is served hot with sambal and the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed. " . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , which is a food found in Java , Malasya , where an ethnic group is Baduy . Ayam Penyet is a Malaysian dish including the main ingredients of " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with samba . The dish can be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . Javenese people are an ethinic group found in Malaysia and Jav . Ayam Penyet is a type of dish found in these places and the main ingredient is fried chicken . Ayam penyet a dish made with fried chicken , is popular in Malaysi . It originates from Indonesi . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia . Ayam penyet is found in Java and Malaysia ( home to ethnic Malaysian chinese ) . It includes the ingredient fried chicken . Ayam penyet is a dish known in Singapore and Indonesi . The main ingredient is fried chicken which is squeezed or smashe . This dish comes with sambal and is served hot . Bacon and sausage can be found in the Bacon Explosion that comes from the United State . It is worthy of a main course in the Kansas City Metropolitan area . The Bacon Explosion is a ' main course ' from the United State . It includes bacon , obviously , as well as sausage . Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United State . Considered a main course , its main ingredients are sausage and bacon . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where political leaders include the President and Joe Bide . White Americans are one ethnic group there and the capital is Washington D.C . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where John Roberts is leader and White Americans are an ethnic grou . English is the language spoken in the US and the capital city is Washington DC . The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United State . The U.S. is led by Paul Ryan and the President , hails Washington D.C. as its capital and includes the ethnic African Americans . Bacon Explosion hails from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital is Washington D . Asian Americans are an ethnic group there and the leader of the country has the title President . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , it is a main course from the Kansas City metropolitan area . The bacon sandwich is a variation of a BLT , which contains tomat . The BLT is a variant on the club sandwic . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , were Elizabeth II is the head of state . The BLT is a variation on the club sandwic . One of the ingredients of the BLT Sandwich is Tomato and Bacon sandwich is a variation of i . This one is popular in the UK , which head of state is Elizabeth II . The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and bacon sandwich , which ingredient is Ketchup and it is from the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II . The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdo . Its main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . It is known by several different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffi . The BLT is a variant of the bacon sandwich . The bacon sandwich , which is from the United Kingdom , has the ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and is a variation of a BLT . BLTis a type of sandwich containing bacon and tomat . Bacon sandwiches are very popular in Great Britain where the leader is called David Cameron . Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher and French is the language spoke . Baked Alaska can also be found in the the New York region . Baked Alaska is from New York region and the country of France , which leaders are Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher and the national language is French . Baked Alaska is from France and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kon . The leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larche . French is spoken there . French dish Baked Alaska is also enjoyed in Chinese speaking Hong Kon . The dish originated in France , now led by Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher . Baked Alaska is from the country of France but it is also well known in Hong Kong where Chinese is spoke . Manuel Valls is a leader in France . Bakewell pudding ( bakewell tart ) is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and can be served warm or cold . The main ingredients include ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding , a dessert which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , can be served warm or cold , and has the following ingredients : ground almond , jam , butter , egg . It was created at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell in 1820 . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the Derbyshire Dales ( in County of Derbyshire ) , where Bakewell pudding originate . A variant of the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as one of the ingredients . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales ( in the Countyof Derbyshire ) which is where Bakewell pudding originates fro . A variation on the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as an ingredient . Bakewell pudding ( variant of the tart ) includes shortcrust pastry and is from Derbyshire Dales of the County of Derbyshir . It hails leader Patrick McLoughlin . Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombi . It is made from lemons , genus citrus and family Rustaceae . Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Columbia and includes lemo . Lemons are from the Sapindales order and of the rutaceae family . Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak French and the leader is Claude Bartolon . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago . Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cake . These cakes come from France , where French is the national language and the leader is Francois Hollande . Barney cakes is created by Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicag . Barney cakes are now produced in France , a nation led by Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher . Mondelez International , founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cakes which come from Franc . François Hollande and Claude Bartolone are French leaders . Barny Cakes originates from France where the country ' s leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Vall . Mondelez International is the creator of the dessert and the company was founded in Chicago . Barney cakes were founded by Chicago ' s Mondelez International in France ( led by Manuel Valls and Francois Hollande ) . Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Holland . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago . Barny Cakes come from France and were invented by the company Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicag . François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France . Barny cakes , which were invented in 1999 can be served in 30g sizes and these contain 1.8g of protein , 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8g of fat . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , where there is a traditional dish called batago . The dish is similar to siomay ( which contains peanut sauce ) and shumai . Batagor comes from Indonesia , it is a variation on the dish Shumai or Siomay , and includes peanut sauc . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesi . It is a variation on the peanut sauce Siomay or Shuma . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country . Joko Widodo is a leader in Indonesia where Batagor is foun . One of the ingredients in this dish is peanut sauc . Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish . Batagor is a dish from Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is leade . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor and siomay and shumai are versions of the same dish . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia which is where batagor comes fro . Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish and peanut sauce is one of the ingredients used . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders of Singapore , a country where Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoke . Beef kway teow is a food from Singapor . It is also found in Indonesia . The leaders of Singapore are Tony Tan and Halimah Yaco . They speak in English there and eat beef kway teow . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Halimah Yacob is also a leader of Singapor . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapor . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia . Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahaja . Bhajji originates from India in the Karnataka region . Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , India , which leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is Indian rupee . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region , in India where the currency is the Indian rupe . It is also where Vajubhai Vala and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders . Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India , where the currency is the Indian rupee , the people are Indian and from where the dish Bhajji originates . Narendra Modi and T. . Thakur are leaders in India which is where Indian people are fro . It is also where Bhajji originates from , and where the Indian rupee is the currency . The Bhajji originates from Karnataka , India where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of the Indian people . Binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and Sago , it hails from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Binignit is a dessert dish from the Mindanao region of the Philippines and the ingredients include banana and sago . The dessert Binignit comes from Mindanao , Philippine . It includes banana and sago . Binignit comes from the Philippines from the region of Visaya . Its a type of dessert featuring banana and sweet potatoes . Coming from the region of Visayas , in the Philippines , Binignit should be served as the dessert cours . It ' s main ingredient is banana and other ingredients include sago . Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionic . It is a dessert that can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico . Bionico is a Mexican dessert dish from the region of Jalisco and the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . Sandesh is a desser . In Mexico Bionico is also a desser . The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish . Mexico , led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo , is the home of a dessert called bionic . Hailing from the Guadalajara region , bionico variations include cottage cheese . The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and bionico can be found in the Guadalajara regio . It ' s served as a dessert course and honey can be added to it . The dessert Bionico originates from the Jalisco region of Silvano Aureoles Conejo led , Mexic . Another familiar dessert is cake . Bianco , from the Guadalajara region , is a cake variation served for desert found in Mexico where the leader isSilvano Aureoles Conejo . Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Ice cream and bionico , a food in Mexico , are served for dessert . A Mexican food is bionico which is served as a dessert and can be varied by using cottage chees . Spanish is one of the languages in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico , that can be varied by using cottage cheese , is a dish served for dessert in Mexic . The leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the spoken language is Mexican Spanish . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the regional leader.The ruler of the country is King Felipe VI and Spaniards is the name for its inhabitants . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dale . The short crust pastry bakewall pudding tart is popular in this area . Bakso originates from Indonesia and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.The country ' s capital city is Jakarta , its main language is Indonesian and led by president Joko Widodo . Indonesian speaking Indonesia ( capital; Jakarta ) , led by Jodo Widodo offers the Chinese dish Basko . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and their leader ' s name is Joko Widod . Indonesian is the official language of the region and Basko is a food that is found in and originates from Indonesia . Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , led by Joko Widodo , where Indonesian is spoken , and whose capital is Jakarta . Bakso is a traditional dish in Indonesia and popular in Southeast Asian countrie . Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and where the language is Indonesian . Bakso is a Chinese style dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country and they speak Indonesian there . Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo . Bakso is dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are political leaders in the country . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where italian people are from , rome is the capital , and Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are the leaders . The Baduy is an ethnic group in Jav . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region and Jav . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the language there is Standard Chinese . English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yaco . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region of Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java , where the food Ayam penyet can be foun . The dish , which has the main ingredients " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal , can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from the Singapore region and the country Java where the Javanese are one of the ethnic groups . The Javanese dish , Ayam penyet , is also found in Singapor . This Chinese-speaking nation , led by Tony Tan , is known for ayam penyet , which is a national dish of Java . Ayam penyet comes from the country of Java where the Javanese are the ethnic peopl . Ayam penyet is also from the Singapore region where Standard Chinese is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader . Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where Philippine English and Philippine Spanish are both spoke . Two of its ethnic groups are the llocano and Igoro people . Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipin . The official language in the country is Philippine English and Philippine Spanish is also spoken ther . A traditional dish from the Philippines is Batchoy . Batchoy comes from Philippino ( Arabic ) and English speaking speaking Philippine . Philippines is also home to Chinese Filipino ' s and Zamboangans . The Euro is the currency in Spain and the leader is Felipe V . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain in the Catalonia region where the leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which leader is the Parliament of Catalonia , in Spain , where the currency is Euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . The food Arros negre is from the Catalonia ( led by Carles Puigdemont ) region of Spain ( led by Felipe VI ) . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where Spanish is the language spoken and Spaniards are an ethnic grou . Spain uses the euro for its currency and the leader of the country is Felipe VI . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia regio . It has olive oil in i . Susana Diaz is a leader in that regio . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain . Ajoblanco is from Spain where the currency is the Euro and the leaders are Susana Diaz and Felipe VI . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the Spanish language is spoke . Ajoblanco is a food that comes from Andalusia in Spai . Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia . The Bacon sandwich is a food from the United Kingdom , a country where David Cameron is a leade . Brown sauce is one of its ingredient . The Club sandwich and the BLT are both variants of the bacon sandwich . A. . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where Pietro Grasso leads the Italian peopl . The capital of the country is Rome and the Italian language is spoken . The Italian people are lead by Pietro Grasso and speak the Italian languag . The capital city is Rome and the AC Lumezzane club play in the country . Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane which is located in Ital . He played for Vicenza Calcio , A. . Chievo Veron . An Italian leader is Pietro Grasso . AC Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy and their manager is Michele Marcolini who plays for A. . Chievo Verona and is in the Vicenza Calcio Clu . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso . Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the capital city is Athens and the Greek language is spoke . The country is also the location of the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Nikos Voutsi . Athens is the capital of Greece whose currency is the eur . Another leader there is Alexis Tsipras . Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece , where Athens is the capital , Greek is spoken and where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsi . The capital city of the country is Athens and the Greek language is spoken . Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool which is the location of AFC Blackpoo . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for both Runcorn FC Halton and Stockport County FC . Stuart Parker is the manager of the A.F.C Blackpool club , which has its ground in Blackpoo . The local leader is Gordon Marsde . Parker is also a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and plays for Stockport County F.C . Blackpool is where AFC Blackpool ' s ground is located and where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . AFC Blackpool has been managed by Stuart Parker who has previous played for Blackburn Rovers FC and KV Mechelen . The champions of Serie D are S. . Robur Siena in which AS Gubbio 1910 also pla . This latter club has their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is the city of Rome . A. . Gubbio 1910 ( Italy ) play in Serie . S. . Robur Siena are champions of that seri . Pietro Grasso leads Ital . Italian is the language spoken in Italy . AZAL Arena , which holds 3500 fans , is the ground of AZAL PFK who played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-1 . Qarabag FK have been champions of this league . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , which is in Akron , Ohio , in the United States , is the ground of Akron Summit Assaul . They play in the Premier Development League , where the champions have been K-W United FC . Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is based in Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the United State . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , ( where the leader is Dan Horrigan ) , in the United States . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is S . Vincent-St.Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio ( USA ) . This state is currently led by Dan Horrigan . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio U.S and is the home ground for Akron Summit Assaul . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio . S . Vincent St.Mary High School is located in Summit County , Ohio in the United State . The Akron Summit Assault ground is at this high school . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are two leaders in Ital . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the language spoken there is Italia . A. . Gubbio 1910 play in that country . Italy is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 191 . The country ' s leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grass . The inhabitants are known as Italian and the capital city is Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live and where the language spoken is Italia . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy . Italians inhabit Italy , where the capital is Rom . It is also where Italian is the official language and Pietro Grasso is the leade . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . AS Gubbio have their home ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leader . The official language of the Italian people is Italian . Located in Athens , the Olympic Stadium is the ground for AEK Athens F . The manager of which is Gus Poyet , whose club is Real Zaragoza , and who has played for Chelsea F.C . Bananaman first aired on the BBC 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last broadcast was 15th April 198 . The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and the show stars Graeme Garden . Bananaman began airing on the BBC on 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last broadcast was April 15th , 198 . The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and among its stars are Jill Shilling . Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . John Geering created the series which stars Graeme Garden . Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 198 . The series was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . Alan Bean ( born Wheeler , Texas ) is a US national who became a crew member of Apollo 12 having served as a test pilo . He eceived a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . Alan Bean , a US test pilot was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . After graduating in 1955 from UT Austin with a B.S. , he became a test pilot . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 . Retired NASA test pilot chosen 196 . Alan Bean was a student at UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degre . He became a test pilot before joining NASA in 196 . He is now retired . Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under Commander David Scot . In total he spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and obtained an MA from NWC in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy and retired on 1 August 197 . He has died in California . Alan Shepard was an American astronaut , born on November 18th , 1923 , in New Hampshir . Alan went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . He died in California . Alan Shepard has died in Californi . He was an American born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and was hired by NASA in 1959 . After graduating from NWC , M.A. in 1957 , Alan Shepard became a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NAS . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire and died in Californi . Alan Shepard ' s nationality is the United States and he retired on 1st August 1974 . Alan Shepard is an American astronaut born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshir . He retired on August 1st 1974 and died in California . Alan Shepard was born in November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . Alan Shepard passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshir . He was selected to serve with NASA in 1959 and died in California . Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshir . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and became a member of the Apollo 14 cre . He died in California . The late Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was hired by NASA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard is decease . His birth place was New Hampshire where he was selected by NASA in 1959 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Bean , a 1955 graduate from UT Austin ( B.S. ) was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission ( for which Alfred Worden was the backup pilot ) . Bean is now retired . Alan Bean who was born in Wheeler , Texas worked for NASA and became a member of the Apollo 1 . David Scott was the commander and Alfred Worden was the back up pilot . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , which was represented by Chris Patte . He served as a crew member on Apollo 8 , along with the commander Frank Borman and the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . Buzz Aldrin is now retire . A US national , he was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He is now retired but was a member of the Apollo 11 crew , . Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . Prior to his retiral he was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was a United States national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 196 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930-01-2 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science before being a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA . Buzz Aldrin , a retired fighter pilot , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 193 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc. . He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 11 . Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. otherwise known as Buzz Aldrin was a part of Apollo 11 crew along with William Ander . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is a US nationa . Joe Biden is a United States leade . The backup pilot of Apollo 11 was William Anders . Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and went on to become a fighter pilot with NASA . He also became a part of the Apollo 11 crew . Diane Feinstein represents the state of California , where one can find the gemstone Beintoite , as a senato . Alan Shepard recently died there . He was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal of the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal , . Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dalla . He attended the University of Texas and began working for NASA in 196 . He has died in St Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on 07 / 23 / 192 . He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in S . Louis . Elliot See studied at University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System and is competing in the Big 12 Conferenc . Elliot See died in S . Louis , which leader is Francis . Slay . American Elliot See ( born on 07 / 23 / 1927 ) attended the University of Texas at Austin who were affiliated to the University of Texas System and who also competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He died in S . Loui . The president of the University of Texas is Gregory . Fenve . The name of S . Louis ' leader is Francis . Slay . Gregory . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin , that is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . The mascot of the University of Texas is called Hook ' e . Elliot See was among the University of Texas graduates . Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and served as a test pilo . The nationality of Elliot See is United States and he died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July , 192 . In 1962 , he was chosen by NAS . Elliot See passed away in S . Louis . William Anders who was born on October 17th 1933 in Hong Kong graduated in 1962 with a M. . William Anders went on to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew and retired in 1969 . William Anders graduated with a M.S. from AFIT in 196 . He then went on to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman . British Hong Kong born William Anders was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 8 alongside backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman . The fighter pilot William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 ) graduated from AFIT in 196 . A year later , he was selected by NASA . William Anders , who is now retired , was born in British Hong Kon . He was a fighter pilot , who joined NASA in 1963 , and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staf . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . The AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staf . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwes . The Ganges is a river in India . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India was established in 2001 and has a staff compliment of 250 . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staf . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso , Switzerland has 600 students and Mario Botta is its dea . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 199 . The leader of the country is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 199 . Switzerland ' s Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly . The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . The Accademia is located in Ticino , Switzerland and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is situated in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerlan . The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . Johann Schneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland and Swiss Psalm is the Swiss national anthem . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerlan . The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembl . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Mendrisio was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . It was established in 2000 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . It has 700 post-graduate students and it ' s president is B. . Reddy . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 200 . Its director is D . . . Prabhukumar and its president is B. . Reddy . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussel . Denmark is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmar . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussel . The Danish leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the Danish religion is Church of Denmark . The AWH Engineering Collage in Kuttittattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staf . Mumbai is the largest city in India . The AWH Engineering College , established in 2001 , is located in India and has an academic staff of 25 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and has a river called the Ganges . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohanni . The capital of the country is Bucharest and their ethnic group is Germans of Romani . Alba Iulia is a city in Romania where is based the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis; its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is to be found in Romania which is the home of the ethnic group of Germans of Romani . The leader of the country , where the capital is Bucharest , is Klaus Iohanni . The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhu . The School is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 1928 , the academic staff size is 737 and affiliation is European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Aarhus , Denmar . The school has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in Denmar . It currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmar . The School currently has 16000 students attending with 737 members of staff and the dean of the school is Thomas Pallessen . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , has 700 postgraduate student . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology established in India in 2000 is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth , Australi . It has a total of 50 floors and cost 120m Australian dollars . Two of the South African ethnic groups are the Coloured people and the White South African . The country , which has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders , is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where the capital city is Cape Tow . One of the ethnic groups of the country are the Asian South Africans and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital city is Cape Tow . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are among the country ' s leaders , and ethnic groups include the white South Africans . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States and was designed by HOK . 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio ( part of Cuyahoga County ) in the U. . It has 45 floors . 200 Public Square , which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United State . Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK where the capital city is Londo . Boris Johnson is a leader in London which is lead by the European Parliamen . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom . London , the capital of the UK is lead via the European Parliament. 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country which is lead by Elizabeth II and has the currency of the pound sterling . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois in the U. . Susana Mendoza leads Chicag . English is spoken in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , and has 60 floor . Chicago is lead by Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where the leader is Rahm Emanue . Chicago is part of Illinois , United States where the capital is Springfield . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoz . Illinois is in the United States and the capital is called Springfield . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United State . The English language is spoken in Illinois which has the capital city of Springfield . Construction of the 3Arena , a concerts and events type building , was completed in December 200 . The arena , which is located at East link Bridge , is 28 metres tall and was designed by the company Populous . Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Irelan . The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the government in the city is lead by the European Parliament . The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , owned by the Bella Center , has 23 floors and is in Denmark. 3XN designed the hotel and one of its tenants is Marriott International Hotel . Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D . It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where one of the languages used is German . Marriott International ( founded in Washington DC ) is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark ( led by Lars Lokke Rasmusen and the German language is spoken ) . Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandi . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is located in the country and currently tenanted by the Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D . It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The AC Hotel , Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and was designed by the architects of the firm 3X . Marriott International Hotel are the current tenants of the AC Hotel , Bella Sky . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the natives are known as Iris . English and Irish are the main languages used in Ireland , and its currency is the Euro . The inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland are the Irish , which is also the language used in the Republic which is lead by Enda Kenn . The currency is the euro and the Republic is the location of Adare Manor . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , in the country of Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kott . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , and the Tamil language is spoken by inhabitants . Adisham Hall is in Haputale in Sri Lank . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in that countr . The capital is Jayawardenepura Kotte and Tamil is the language spoken there . Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka in the Tudor Revival style of architecture . Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the Tudor Revival styl . It is located on St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita; Akita Prefecture , Japan , which is led by Shinzo Abe and has the ethnic group Filipinos . Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japa . One of Japan ' s leaders isTarō Asō and one ethic group is the Filipinos . The Vietnamese are an ethnic group within Japan which is lead by Shinzo Ab . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japa . The leader of Japan is Shinzo Abe and an ethnic group there is called Vietnamese . Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita , a part of Akita Prefecture in Japa . The leader of the country is Tarō Asō , and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan . The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is lead by Akihit . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . Alan . Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern , is situated in Virginia , United State . The Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary , and its current tenant is The Mason School of Business . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan . Miller Hall , 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virgini . Robert A. . Stern was the architect for the Hall , which was completed on June 1st , 2009 . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , Indi . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan . Gujarat in India is lead by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the location of the Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedaba . One of the leaders in India is Sumitra Mahajan . Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Located in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , is Ampara Hospita . It has a bed count of 476 and has a website . " Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka and is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lank . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lank . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka. " . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Ampara Hospita . It is located in Ampara , Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupe . The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando . Julia Morgan is an architect born in San Francisco who designed several significant project . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the landmark Californian building of the Los Angeles Examiner building , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle . Julia Morgan ( born in San Francisco ) was the architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds , The Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , The Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle . Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including Chinatown in San Francisco , the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle . Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of many buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach . Asilomar Conference Grounds , is located on Asilomar Blvd , in Pacific Grove , Californi . They were constructed in the American Craftsman style in 1913 , and has been added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February , 1987 ( reference number 87000823 ) . Asilomar Conference Grounds which was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , Californi . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree . It has the Romanesque Revival style of architecture and were contructed in 190 . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 1980-04-23 . Asser Levy Public Baths , located in Avenue A , Manhattan , is in the Romanesque Revival architectural style , was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 04 / 23 / 1980 with reference number : 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , United States of Americ . Cyrus Vance Jr is one of the leaders of Manhattan and Brooklyn is part of New York City . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United State . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , in New York , in the United State . Part of the city is Manhattan where one of the leaders is Cyrus Vance Jr . New York City ( part of New Netherland ) is part of Gale Brewer led Manhattan ( in the United States ) and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . Birmingham is lead by the City Council and the Labour Party and has the B postcod . It is the hometown of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . Birmingham on the B postcode area is governed by the Birmingham council of which Khalid Mahmood is a member. 103 Colmore Row was designed by native son John Maddin . John Madin , who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingha . The governing body of the city ( which has the B postcode ) is the City Council lead by the UK Conservative Party . The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . Amharic is spoken in this country , and Hailemariam Desalegn is a national leader . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopi . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and the language used in the country is Amharic . In Ethiopia the Amharic language is spoke . Ethiopia ' s leaders include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshom . Addis Ababa is an Ethiopian city where Addis Ababa City Hall is situated . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Mulatu Teshome is also a leade . The Amharic language is found in the country which is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japa . The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the country ' s ethnic groups are the Brazilians . The Parliament of the United Kingdom , along with Boris Johnson are leaders in London , the capital of the United Kingdo . The UK used the pound sterling as currency and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . The government of the UK is the Parliament and its capital is Londo . London ' s leader is Boris Johnson. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the U . The demonym for natives of the UK is the British people . Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , and influenced by Robert . Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was the sequel to The Grantville Gazette . It was written by Eric Flint from Burbank California and influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Influenced by Robert A Heinlein , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank Californi . The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and The Grantville Gazettes . A Long Long Way was published in Ireland , where white people live , by Viking Press , parented by Penguin Random House , who subsequently published The Secret Scripture . The largest city in Ireland is Dublin where white people are an ethnic group and A Long Long Way was writte . It was published by Viking press and followed by The Secret Scripture . A Long Long Way was written in English and originates from Irelan . The English language is spoken in Great Britai . It precedes The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber . A Long Long Way is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britai . A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press , located in the United States , and was followed by The Secret Scripture . English is spoken in Great Britain and A Loyal Character Dancer is written in i . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Loyal Character Dancer ( written in English-also spoken in Great Britain ) was published by the United States ' Soho Pres . The United States has the Asian American ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars was published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States , where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one ethnic group . The novel " Into Battle " , that was followed by The Violet Keystone , followed " Above the Veil " , that was preceded By Aenir , which was written by Australians and after Castle . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . Code information : ISSN 0567-7920 , LCCN 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Science and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . It is also identified by an ISSN number ( 0567-7920 ) , a CODEN code ( APGPAC ) and the ISSN number ( 0567-7920 ) . Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterl . The university ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett . Cornell University , nicknamed Cornell Big Red , and located in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also affiliated with both the Association of Public Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital city is Washington D . However it is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . English is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but comes from the U. . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States and the capital city is Washington D.C . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is the spoken language in Great Britai . However the book comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic grou . Washington DC is the capital in that country . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is Joe Bide . The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which was written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leade . It is written in English , also spoken in Great Britai . The US includes many White Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and written in English which is also a language spoken in Great Britai . White Americans live in the US where Joe Biden is a leader . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where many people are Asian American and English ( language of Great Britain ) is largely spoken . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in the United States where like in Great Britain , English is spoke . Washington DC is the capital of the US and African Americans are an ethnic group . The United States , whose capital is Washington D.C. , is home to Native Americans , only one of the many ethnic groups in residenc . English is spoken in the United States , like Britain , the language in which the American book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written . Washington D.C. is the capital of the United State . The English language is spoken in both the U.S. and Great Britai . An ethnic group called Native Americans and a book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians come from the U.S . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the capital is Washington D . The population of the US includes the White Americans and the language spoken is English ( which is also spoken in Great Britain ) . A Severed Wasp is a novel from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans where Barack Obama is the leader and where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and there is an ethnic group called Asian American . They speak English , same as in Great Britain . Maiden Castle ( preceded by Weymouth Sands ) was written by Shirley , Derbyshire born John Cowper Powy . A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by Wolf Solent and followed by Weymouth Sands . John Cowpher Powys ( born : Shirley , Derbyshire ) wrote Weymouth Sands , which was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance ( preceded by Wolf Solent ) . The sequel to Weymouth Sands is Maiden Castle . Elizabeth II is the leader in the United Kingdom where English is the spoken languag . The company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS ( journal ) in the countr . It is owned by its parent company of Wolters Kluwer . Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where the English language is spoke . The country is where the AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are owned by parent company Wolters Kluwer . AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom , which capital is London and their language is Englis . Its leader is Elizabeth II . David Cameron is the leader in the United Kingdom where English is the spoken languag . The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , parented by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwe . The UK speaks English and the previous Prime Minister was David Cameron . David Cameron is the leader of the U . The UK published the AIDS journa . London is the capital city of the U . Lippincott , Williams and Wilkins published the AIDS journa . The parent company of Lippincott , Williams and Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer . London is the capital city in the UK where David Cameron is a leade . The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are owned by parent company Wolters Kluwer . David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdo . The country uses the English language and is where Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS journal . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English ( which is spoken in Great Britain ) and is from the U . The capital of the US is Washington , DC and one of its ethnic groups is African Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United State . Washington D.C. is the capital of the US and part of the population is ethnically African American . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital city of the United States is Washington D.C. , and African Americans are one of the nation ' s ethnic groups . English is spoken in Great Britain and the United State . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D.C . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the leader is Barack Obam . Both the United States and Great Britain have English as their main language . A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English , as spoken in Great Britai . Is originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where English ( language of Great Britain ) is spoke . Barack Obama was the previous leader of the US and African Americans are an ethnic group there . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where African Americans are one ethnic group and the leader is called a Presiden . The language spoken there is English , originated in Great Britain . The English language is spoken in Great Britain and A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in it despite being from the United State . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and Barack Obama is the president . A Fortress of Grey is from the United States and published in English , which is also spoken in Great Britai . Barack Obama is the president of the US and Native Americans are an ethnic group . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , that is the same language sppoken in Great Britai . The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and there are many Asian Americans . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is leader , and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans . Americans inhabit the U.S whose capital is Washington D.C. and whose leader is Barack Obama . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U. . The country ' s population includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is lead by the Presiden . The language spoken in both the US and Great Britain is English . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where Barack Obama is President , the capital city is Washington D.C. and African American is one of the ethnic groups . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the Presiden . Americans inhabit the U.S. , with a sub-group being the Asian Americans . The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the population are known as American . The country is lead by President Barack Obama and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion originates . Margrethe II and Lars Lokke Rasmussen lead the country of Denmark which is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . In Tirstrup , Denmark , there is an airport call Aarhus Airpor . It ' s in the central region of Denmark , which is led` by Margrethe II and Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Aarhus airport is located at 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , The runway length is 2777.0 and is named 10R / 28L . The U.S.A. ' s Abilene Regional Airport , which is part of Taylor County in Texas , serves the city of Abilen . The runway at the airport is 2 , 195 long . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texa . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KAB . It is L / situated meters above sea leve . The runway - 17L / 35R , has a total length of 1 , 121 . KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport which is 546 metres above sea leve . The airport has the runway name , 17R / 35L , runway length of 1 , 121 and serves Abilene , Texas . With a runway length of 1 , 121 , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene ( part of both Taylor County and Jones County ) , Texas in the United States . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid , Spai . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport , which is operated by ENAIRE , is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The airport is 610 metres above sea level , has a runway name of 14R / 32L and a length of 3500 . Operated by ENAIRE , and located in Madrid , Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea leve . The airport has the runway name 14L / 32R and the runway length of 3500 . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3 , 500 and has the name 14L / 32 . It is located at 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by ENAIR . The runway is named 14L / 32R and is 4349 metres long . Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , are serves by Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airpor . The runway length is 4349m and is 610m above sea leve . The runway is named 14L / 32R and is operated by ENAIRE . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and located 610 metres above sea level at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 3500 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport , which is elevated 610 meters above sea level , is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . ENAIRE is the operating organization of the airpor . The runway , which measures 3500.0 is named 18R / 36L . Afonso Pena International Airport , which is operated by Infraero is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitiba in Parana stat . Curitiba is part of the South Region of Brazil . Afonsa Pena International Airport in San Jose Dos Pinhais serves the city of Curitib . Sao Jose is part of Parana and in the south region of Brazi . The airport is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea leve . Its runway is 1 , 800 metres long , is named 15 / 33 and SBCT is the name of the airport ' s ICAO location identifier . The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhai . It has the following details : - length of runway 11 / 29 is 2215m , is 911m a.s.l. and the ICAO location ID is SBCT . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , where Agra Airport with the IATA ID of AGR is located . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , which is the location of Agra airport at 167.94 metres above sea level . Agra Airport is in India and operated by the Indian Air Forc . One transport aircraft there is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster II . Two leaders in india are Narendra Modi and T. . Thakur . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( leader Ram Naik ) and operated by the Airports Authority of India.Uttar Pradesh state is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader and is part of Awad . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhan . In Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Forc . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and the location of Agra Airpor . The Indian Air Force , who operate the airport , us the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . Agra airport is located in Agra and is operated by the Indian Air Forc . It is elevated 167.94 meters above sea level and its runway has a length of 181 . The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG . The Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the USA . The runway name is 09L / 27R , is 3 , 990 long and ORAA is the airbase ' s ICAO location identifier . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORA . The airport runway is named 08 / 26 and is 3992.88 in length . Th United State Air Force , operates the Al Asad Airbase located in Al Anbar Province , Ira . It ' s ICAO location ID is ORA . The Airbase ' s 08 / 26 runway is 3 , 990 , in length . The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Forc . They were involved in the battle at the invasion of Panama and use the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft , the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft , and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers . Al Assad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forc . The transport plane the Lockheed AC- 130 can be found on USAF aircraft aircraft carrier . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts.The USAF has Lockheed AC-130 attack aircfrafts and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter jets.Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panam . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers , use the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft , and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war and in the battle at Operation Enduring Freedo . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and have the transport aircraft known as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III . The Lockheed AC-130 , an attack aircraft , and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules , a transport aircraft , are used by the United States Air Forc . The likes of which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad Airbase . he United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . The USAF fought in the Grenada Invasio . Weapons and aircraft located at that base are the Lockheed AC-130 , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spai . The airport has a runway length of 3500 . ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . Alderney Airport is located 88 metres above sea level and serves Alderne . It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which has a length of 497.0 and is named 03 / 21 . The Alderney Airport serves Alderney which is 88 metres above sea leve . It ' s first runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 497.0 , it ' s runway name is 08 / 26 . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea leve . The 1st runway is made from asphalt , is 497.0 in length and has the name 03 / 21 . Allama Iqbal International Airport , located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahore , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The runway name at the airport is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 2900.0 . Allama Iqbal International airport serves Lahore city and is located in Pakista . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 2900 m long . Allama Iqbal International Airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore in Pakista . The runway , named 18L / 36R has a length of 3360.12 . Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The runway , which is 3360.12 in length , is named 18L / 36R . The Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway 18L / 36R is 2900.0.lon . It is located in Punjab , the capitalod Lahore city in Pakistan and managed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore , is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The country ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The airport is located in Punjab , Pakista . The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakista . Lahore is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . Lahore city is served by the airpor . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority ( in Mamnoon , Hussain led ) in Punjab , Pakista . The airport services the city of Lahore . Under the control of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , the capital province of Lahore city in Pakista . The president of Pakistan is Mamnoon Hussain . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakista . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , located in the Jinnah International Airport , governs the Allama Iqbal International Airpor . This airport serves the city of Lahore , in Pakistan , the leader of which is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport , and operate Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakista . The Pakistan leader is named Anwar Zaheer Jamali . Alpena County Regional Airport , serving Alpena , Michigan U.S. , is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 m long . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan ( United States ) . It has a runway length of 2744 meters and an elevation of 210 metres above sea level . Located in Texas , at 973 973 metres above sea level , is Andrews County Airpor . It serves Andrews , Texas , has a runway length of 8.o and a runway named 11 / 29 . Andrews County Airport , Texas , serves Andrews in Texas and is located 973 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 2 / 20 and has a length of 8.0 . The Andrews County Airport of Andrews city in Texas is famous for the Helipad runway which is 8.0 long and situated at 973.0 below sea level . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States.The state ' s capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans.Spanish is one of the spoken languages in Texas . Angola International Airport in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda is 159 metres above the sea level. it ' s runway is called 05L / 23R and it is 4000.0 long . Angola International Airport , which serves the city of Luanda , is located at Ícolo e Beng . The airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway named South Runway and it is 4 , 000 feet long . Antwerp International airport , which is owned by the Flemish region and operated by the Flemish Government , has a runway length of 600. . It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level . In Wisconsin ( United States ) , is Appleton International Airport , in Greenville ( part of Ellington ) . It serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport , serving the city of Appleton , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin , US . Little Chute , Wisconsin is part of Appleton and Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airline . The runway 11 / 29 is 2989m long and is 211m a.s.l . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . It ' s runway length is 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea level , the name of the runway is 11 / 29 . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States.The airport serves Atlantic city whose leader is Don Guardian . Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey in the U.S. . The airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jerse . The Atlantic City , New Jersey leader is Don Guardian . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. which is part of the state of New Jersey which located in the United States. the airport serves the city of Atlantic City which also located in the state of New Jersey , and the leader ' s name of this city is " Don Guardian " . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , which is a part of Atlantic County , located in New Jersey , in the United State . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters at Four World Trade Center . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York and operates Atlantic City International Airpor . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is situated 23.0 meters above sea level.Atlantic City International Airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KACY. " 13 / 31 " is the name of the airport ' s runway and is 3048.0 meters long . Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgiu . The French language is used in the country which is the location of Antwerp International Airport serving the city of Antwerp . Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium where German is an official languag . The city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination , is served by Antwerp International airport . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgiu . Two of the leaders of which are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Miche . Belgium ' s language is Dutch . Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States . At 75 metres above sea level , the Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , part of Atlantic County , in the United States . With a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concrete , Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbo . Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , whose headquarters is located at the Four World Trade Center.The airport is found in Egg Harbor , N.J , in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is in the U.S. . The airport has a runway that is 1 , 873 long . The Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey is located in Atlantic City , New Jerse . It is served by Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 1873 . 13 / 31 is the runway name for Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States.The Airport ' s runway name is called " 13 / 31 " . Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is found in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhan . The air force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes and also the HAL Light Combat Helicopter . India ' s Air Force , which operates Agra Airport , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopte . Agra Airport is located in Awadh , more specifically Uttar Pradesh , where the leader is Ram Naik . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah Ira . Kurdish is spoken in Iraq where Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq and is led by Fuad Masu . Arabic is spoken in the country which has Haider Al-Abadi as its leader . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid , Spain , Madrid is part of the community of Madri . The airport has a runway length of 3500 and is 610 metres above sea level . ENAIRE in the city of Madrid ( part of the community of Madrid ) is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas , Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE ( Madrid ) is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , in Spain . Located in the community of Madrid , lies ENAIR . ENAIRE operates an airport called The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , which lies in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poacea . Poacea , in the class Monocotyledon , belongs to the division of flowering plant . It is in the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plant . Poaceae - from the order of the Poales - class is Monocotyledon , which is the order of the Commelinids . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is made of Poacea . Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales , in the class of Monocotyledon , the division of flowering plants and in the order of Commelinids . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spai . San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and it is elevated 610 meters above sea leve . It has a runway which measures a length of 3500.0 . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid and operates Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airpor . The airport is in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is located in Spain and considered part of the community of Madrid. this airport is operated by ENAIRE which also in the city of Madrid . Alan Bean is a US national was was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 195 . He performed as a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and he was in space for 100305 minutes . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March in 193 . He was hired by NASA in 1963 where he performed as a test pilo . He spent 100305.0 minutes in space and is now retired . American Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was hired by NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and spent in Space 100305.0 minute . Now he is retired . Retired American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 , 193 . He was a crew member on Apollo 12 and retired in June of 1981 . Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 193 . He was a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 1 . He spent 100305 minutes in space . The American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on Mar 15 , 193 . He was a test pilot , and was hired by NASA in 196 . He spent 100305 minutes in space as part of the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was an American born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he performed as a test pilot on Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15 , 193 . He was a test pilot and a crew member on Apollo 12 after being hired by NASA in 196 . The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B.S. 1955 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15th 193 . Alan graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. and performed as a test pilot on Apollo 1 . NASA operated Apollo 12 where Alan was hired in 1963 . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and graduated with a BSc. in 195 . He worked as a test pilot and joined NASA in 196 . Bean was a crew member on Apollo 12 . The American Alan Shephard , was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 195 . He died in California . American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 195 . Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California and along the way he won the Distinguished Service Medal from the U. . Navy which is an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was a test pilot born in New Hampshire , having graduating from NWC , M.A. in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal By The United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 192 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which is higher than the dept of commerce gold meda . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He worked as a test pilot and was part of Apollo 14 which was run by NAS . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was hired by NASA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Meda . Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 , in New Hampshir . He attended school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 195 . Alan joined the Navy and was was chosen by NASA in 195 . He was awarded the Distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold meda . California was his place of death . Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , U . He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 195 . He passed away in California on July 21 , 1998 . Alan Shephard was an American , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 192 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M. . He died in California on the 21st July 1998 . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 and served as a Test pilo . He was on the crew of Apollo 1 . He is deceased and died in California . American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M. . Alan Shepard was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 and was a test pilo . He passed away in California . Alan Shepard was born in November 18th 1923 in New Hampshir . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . Alan was on the crew of Apollo 14 before he died in California . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 1 . Other crew members included Alfred Worden , who was a backup pilot . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degre . He was hired by NASA in 1963 and served as a test pilo . Apollo 12 ' s backup pilot was Alfred Worden and was commanded by David Scott . Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin . Aldrin , Jr. , was born an American in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , on January 20 , 193 . Buzz graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D , and was selected by NASA the same yea . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin is a US national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 193 . After graduating from MIT , ScD in 1963 he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He graduated from MIT , Sc.D. in 196 . He was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) performed as a fighter pilo . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , operated by NAS . William Anders was a backup pilot on that mission . Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was , before he retired , a Fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NAS . The backup pilot was William Anders . American Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission where he spent 52 minutes in spac . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is now retired . American Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was picked by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 11 progra . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is now retired . Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . Elliot was selected by NASA IN 1962 to serve as a test pilo . Elliot died on 28th February in 1966 . Elliot See , a US national , was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . He flew as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 196 . He died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis . Elliot See is an American and was born on 23rd of July in 192 . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 to fly as a test pilo . Elliot has since passed away . Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 196 . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and attended the University of Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See was born in Dallas on 07 / 23 / 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin after that he was chosen by NASA in 196 . He died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 . Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and worked as a test pilo . He joined NASA in 196 . See died in S . Louis . Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dalla . He graduated from U of Texas at Austin which is a part of the U of Texas syste . See died on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 and died in S . Louis on February 28th , 196 . He was a student at the University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . Test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas and died February 28th , 1966 in S . Loui . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas system. . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas , and attended the University of Texas at Austi . This university is affiliated to the University of Texas system , and competed in the Big 12 conference in Austi . Its mascot is Hook ' em , and its president Gregory . Fenves . Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin where Gregory . Fenves is the Presiden . The University is affiliated to the University of Texas system and they competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austi . Elliot died in St Louis which is in France . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis in Franc . The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas syste . They competed in the Big 12 Conference and has Gregory . Fenves as their president and The Hook ' em as the mascot . The American test pilot Elliot See was born in Dalla . He was selected by NASA in 1962 , and died on Feb 28th 1966 in St Louis . William Anders was born October 17th 1933 and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew operated by NAS . The backup pilot was Buzz Aldri . William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 . William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , retired on 1 September 196 . During his career he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of the Apollo 8 mission alongside commander Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders of British Hong Kong was a test pilot who joined NASA in 1963 to help crew Apollo . He was born on October 17th , 1933 and retired from service on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders retired on 1 September 196 . He was a fighter pilot who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kon . In 1963 he was chosen by NASA to serve as a member of the crew on Apollo 8 . William Anders is an American born in British Hong Kong on Oct 17 , 193 . He was a fighter pilot and was part of Apollo . Anders graduated with an M.S. from AFIT in 1962 and is now retired . The River Ganges flows through India which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala. which is lead by Kochi . The AWH Engineering College , Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India , was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staf . A river in India is the Ganges , and Kerala state ' s leader is Kochi and . India which is known for the river Ganges is also home to the state of Kerala which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northeast and is governed by Koch . Kerala is also where the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoo . The college currently has 250 members of staff . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 199 . The Accademia is lead by Dean Mario Botta and there are 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Bott . It has 100 academic staf . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The national anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm , and the country is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Amman . Established in 1996 and supporting 600 students , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . The city of Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland is the location of the Accademis di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 199 . The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students and 100 academic staff . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Ticino , Switzerland , was created in 1996 , has 600 students and 100 employee . It ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerlan . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 student . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The Switzerland leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and it has a legislature called the Federal Assembly with its leader being the Federal Chancellor of Switzerlan . The country ' s neighbor is Merid . Switzerland ' s anthem is Swiss Psal . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka , which is southwest of Telangana and east of the Arabian Se . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Indi . The Institute , which was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and the director is D . . . Prabhukuma . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Indi . The Director of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India , was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate student . Its director is Dr . . Prabhukumar and its campus can be found in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , Indi . The Institute was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . That address is in Bangalore , Indi . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 , its president is B. . Reddy , its director is D . . . Prabhukumar , and it has 700 postgraduate students . Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 200 . The school is in the state of Karnatak . Its president is . . Reddy and its director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana , and east of the Arabian Se . Located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka is the Archarya Institute of Technology , which was granted the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumba . The Archarya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Denmark is lead by the Monarchy of Denmark and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the current leader . Southwest of Mols is the city of Aarhus which is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhu . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus , Denmar . Aarhus is governed by a Magistrate and has Mols to its northeas . Denmark is ruled by the Monarchy of Denmaek , has the Church of Denmark as its religion , and is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the Magistrate of Aarus , southwest of Mols in Denmar . The country ' s leader is the Monarch of Denmark , Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the national relgiion is the Church of Denmark . The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the city Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala , Indi . There are 250 academic staf . Kearala is to the northwest Mahé , India , Mumbai is also the largest city in India . AWH Engineering College in India was created in 2001 and has 250 employee . The college is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwes . India ' s leader is Kochi and the country ' s largest city is Mumbai and is home to the Ganges River . AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 200 . The city is located in Kerala stat . The well-known city of Mumbai , the country ' s largest city , is found in India which is led by Kochi and is home to the Ganges River . Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the wes . It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalor . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and offers the sport of tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnatak . Its offered sport is tennis ( sports governing body - the International Tennis Foundation ) and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technology Universit . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west . The state of Karnataka is positioned with Telangana to it ' s northeast and the Arabian Sea to it ' s wes . The state is home to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalor . The Institute is known for Tennis being one of the sports offered which is governed by the International Tennis Federatio . The Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the wes . The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgau . The Institute offers the sport of tennis which has the International tennis Federation as it ' s governing body . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is locaated in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romani . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania which is part of Alab Count . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and the country is led by Klaus Iohanni . The country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba , Romani . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis. " Romania is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis , an ethnic German of Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . Romania ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Buchares . Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its patron Saint is Andrew the Apostl . The anthem of Romania is Desteapta -te , romane ! The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohanni . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te , romane ! Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhu . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associatio . There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . Dean Thomas Pallesen heads the School which has the Latin name of " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . There are 737 academic staff and it is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Associatio . It was created in 1928 and its dean today is Thomas Pallese . It has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees . In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmar . The Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and the School is now affiliated with the European University Associatio . There are 1600 students and 737 academic staff . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 1928 , and it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . It was established in 1928 and it has 16 , 000 student . Its dean is Thomas Pallese . It is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussel . It was established in 1928 , has 16 , 000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen . Acharya Institute of Technology ( motto : " Nurturing Excellence " ) was established in 2000 and is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , Indi . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum . Adams County is located in Pennsylvania , United States to the south of Cumberland County and to the east of Franklin Count . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County , Maryland to the southeas . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing propert . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland Count . Carrol County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively . The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembl . The Turk Sehitleri Aniti , usually known as the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in the country , where the capital city is Bak . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is found in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade . Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Bak . The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The capital of England is London where we can find the Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of ston . The Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Angli . Cornish language is spoken in England and it has an established religion called the Church of Englan . One of the ethnic groups found in that country is the British Arabs . Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 1932 in Izmi . The leader of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira . The Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and although the largest city is Istanbul , the capital is Ankar . Izmir is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , found in Turkey , is made of bronze and was designed by Pietro Canonic . The monument was established on the 27th of July , 193 . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbu . The leader ' s official title is the President of Turkey . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , a country led by the country ' s presiden . Istanbul is the largest city , and Ankara is the capita . The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica , made of bronze , and inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . . FC Koln , whose manage is peter Stoger , participated in 2014 and now have 50000 members . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for the Austria national football team and is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and is at the FK Austria Wien club . The first club Jens Hartel played for was F.C Lokomotive Leipzig , he is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club and , manages FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club . FC Union Berli . He also plays for SV Germania Schoneiche . Jens Härtel has played for SV Babelsberg 03 and . FC Union Berli . He is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel , who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 , is the manager at FC Magdeburg . A. . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they played in Serie B but lost to Carpi FC 1909 . With grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi , A. . Cesana play in Serie . Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of that league . Massimo Drag has been the manager of A C Cesena , is attached to the club Vigor Lamexia and his club was Calcio Catania . Massimo Drago , manager of A. . Cesena , is part of clubs Vigor Lamezia and Valcio Catania . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona which has 39371 members and the full name of " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . The full name of AC Chievo Verona , which has 39371 members and plays in Verona , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who is a member of the Calcio Cantania and plays at the Carrarese Calcio . Associazione Calcio CheivoVerona manager Rolando Maran has formerly worked at FC Bari 1908 , and is a member of the Carrarese Calcio club . Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays for both F. . Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club and plays for Varese Calcio S.S.D . Rolando Maran ( born : Italy ) plays for Carrarese Clacio and manages Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona . Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( A. . Lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the Lega Pro league . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane , plays for F. . Bari 1908 and once played for Vicenza Calcio . Michele Marcolini has played for Atalanta B . He now manages the AX Lumezzane and is at the Torino FC club . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane but also plays for Torino F.C. and Vicenza Calcio . A. . Lumezzane , with 4150 members , plays in the Lega Pro. and were active in 2014 . A. . Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán , El Salvado . It has 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapan ' s full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . They have 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan , El Salvador . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan , he plays for the El Salvador national football team and FC Dallas . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in season 201 . They have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 membe . They were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH Greece season . AFC Blackpool has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " . They have 1500 members and their grounds are Jepson Way . A.F. . Blackpool fullname is " Association Football Club Blackpool " . They have 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Bury FC and currently for KV Mechelen . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Drogheda United F.C. is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and now manages A.F. . Blackpool . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who was at Drogheda United FC but is currently part of the KV Mechelen club . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who once played for Stockport County FC and currently plays for KV Mechelen . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. and plays for Colwyn Bay F.C. club . The full name of the A.F. . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde " they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members . Association Football Club Fylde , abbreviated to A.F.C Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire . A. . Gubbio 1910 , which stands for Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. , has 5300 members. and was in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season . Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A. . Livorno Calci . They have 19238 members and grounds in Livorno . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A. . Roma and is attached to the club Genoa CFC . A. . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A. . Roma and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club . Christian Panucci , who manages A. . Livorno Calcio , used to play for both A. . Roma and Real Madrid CF . Christian Panucci played football for Genoa F.C. and Chelsea F.C . Today he manages A. . Livorno Calcio . Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and Genoa C.F.C. and now manages A. . Livorno Calcio . A. . Roma play at the Stadio Olimpico , have 70634 members and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A . The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. , they have 47290 members and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . The full name of ACF Fiorentia is " ACF Fiorentina S.p.A , " they played the 2014-15 season in Serie A and have 47290 members . AEK Athens F.C. , with their ground in Athens , play in the Superleague Greece in which Olympiacos F.C. were past champions . AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece and has 69618 member . Their ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens . The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Aja . They have 53502 members and were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015 . The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax , they have 53502 members and played in season 2014 . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Aja . The tenant of the ground is Jong Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy ( Jong Ajax ) . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . The full name of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klub . They competed in the 2014 season and have 3500 members . AZAL PFK ' s full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klub . They played in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014–15 and have 3500 members . Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15 . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar as well as a player for ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he plays for both ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap . John van den Brom manages for the AZ Alkmaair , plays for AFC Ajax and is in the Jong Ajax Club . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and Jong Ajax . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both R.S. . Anderlecht and De Graafschap . John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands football team and RSC Anderlecht , and manages AZ Alkmaair . John van den Brom , who is a member of the Jong Ajax club and plays for Vitesse Arnhem , has been manager of AZ Alkmaar . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazi . Their full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League in Brazil , specifically in 2015 . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . They competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and have 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The club has 17000 members and played in the 2015 season . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ) played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members . Akron Summit Assault play at the S . Vincent-S . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , USA . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School , Akron ( a summit county in Ohio ) - is home to the Akron Summit Assault ' s ground . St Vincent-St Mary High School ( loc : Akron , Ohio , US ) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . In Italy they speak Italian and is the home to the ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 as well as the capital city of Rome . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Piero Grasso and Italian is the spoken language . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the spoken language . Luciano Spalletti manages AS Roma and also plays for Udinese Calcio and Virtus Entella . Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calci . He now manages A. . Roma and plays for Virtus Entella . Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A. . Cesen . He is also attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1 FC Kol . He also plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling . Peter Stöger is the manager of . FC Koln , his club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club . Verona , Italy is the home to A. . Chievo Verona who played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F.C . With grounds in Verona , AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league , of which Juventus FC have been champions . Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie . A. . Chievo Verona is in that league now and play in Verona . AS Roma , who have a ground in Rome , play in Serie A alongside Juventus FC who are former champions . Juventus FC have been Serie A champion . A. . Roma , who ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico also play in the same league . The Serie A champions are Juventus F. . A.S Roma also play in the same league and their ground is Stadio Olimpico . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the United States was established in the year 2000 , and is categorized as a Contributing Property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 falls under the category of Contributing propert . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . The 14th New Jersey Infantry Monument which is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on 11 July 190 . It falls within the category of Historic districts in the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , categorised as a historic district in the United States , is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and has Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city . Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry monument is locate . It was established on 11 July 1907 . Carrol County Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is locate . The monument is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , a contributing property , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carrol County to its southeast . Adams County Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County to the southeast . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in the capital city Baku in Azerbaijan where its leader is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , lead by Artur Rasizade . Dead Man ' s Plack in England is made of rock and dedicated to Ethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The Atatürk Monument ( inaugurated July 27th , 1932 ) is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 , and is found in Turkey ( capital : Ankara ) . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and the capital is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul . The Atatürk Monument made of bronze is located in İzmir , Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish Lira . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and can be found in Turkey , where the title of the leader is President of Turkey . Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , officially known as the President of Turke . This country is where the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) can be located . Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) contains the ingredient of olive oil and originates from Spain . Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a food found in Andalusia , in Spain . Garlic is and ingredient of Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia , in Spain . Ajoblanco is a dish from the Andalusian region of Spain and includes the ingredient garlic . Ajoblanco also known as Ajo blanco originates from the country of Spain , one of it ' s ingredients is Almond . Almonds are an ingredient in Ajoblanco ( alternatively called ajo blanco ) from Spain . Almond is one of the ingredients in Ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region , in the country of Spain . Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia in Spain . Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family of the Rosales order and are an ingredient in ajoblanco . Almonds are a member of the Rosales , or Rosids order , and are an ingredient of ajoblanco . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia ( in Spain ) where Ajoblanco is from . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia where Susana Diaz is a leade . Ajoblanco is from Spain . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce . Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and Pecorino Romano . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce , from Italy , where the language is Italian , and the leader is Pietro Grasso . Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department , that can can be found in the country of Colombia . Found nationwide bit more specific to Java is the dish Arem-are . The main ingredients of which are; compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital is Rome and Italian is the language . Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy which has the capital city of Rome and uses the Italian language . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital is Rome . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of spain , it includes Cephalopod ink . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain , and one of its ingredients is Cephalopod ink . Arròs negre is from Spain , whose ethic group consists of Spaniards and whose leader is Felipe VI . Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanisards are the ethnic group . Arròs negre made with squid is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . Arros Negre is made with white rice and is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Spain . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spai . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauc . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , in Indonesia . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Kuala Lumpur . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur , and the chinese are one of the ethnic groups . Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysi . An ethnic group there are the Malaysian Chines . Asam pedas is a food found in that country . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader and where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Asam pedas ( from the Malay Peninsula region ) comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysi . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesia and Malaysi . Its main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Ayam Penyet includes fried chicken and is found in Malaysia , Singapore and is nationwide . Fried chicken is an ingredient in ayem penyet found in Java , Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal - the dish is found nationwide in Java and also Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is made from fried chicken and can be found in Malaysia , Singapore and Indonesia . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet , an Indonesian dish which is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Javanese are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet is a dish from Java in the region of Malaysi . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from the country of Java and also the region of Singapore . Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with samba . It originates from Java and the Singapore region . BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich and a bacon sandwic . Condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich . Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States . The main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and the dish originates from the United States . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United State . It is also the country where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Bacon explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Joe Biden is a leader in the U.S. which has a Native American group in i . The Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Bacon Explosion originated . A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffi . It always includes bacon as an ingredient and comes from the UK . Bacon Sandwich is from United Kingdo . This sandwich ingredient is Brown sauce and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Popular in the UK , bacon sandwiches ( which can have ketchup as an ingredient ) are also can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT sandwich which is also known as a club sandwich or bacon sandwich . Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich , a dish from the United Kingdo . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT , you can add Ketchup to it as well and it cames from the United Kingdom . BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwic . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwic . The latter dish may contain ketchup . Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the currency is the Euro . Baked Alaska is from France , where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders . Baked Alaska , which contains meringue , is a dish found in the region of New York in the U.S . Bakes Alaska , which has meringue as an ingredient , is from the New York region of the United States . Baked Alaska , a cookie type dessert , comes from France . An ingredient of baked Alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . Ice cream is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alask . Cookies are also a type of dessert . The dessert of baked Alaska has meringue as an ingredient , a cookie is also a type of dessert . Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert called Baked Alask . Cookie is also a type of dessert . Sandesh and Baked Alaska ( which contains ice cream ) are both desserts . Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alask . Sandesh is also a dessert . Sandesh is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake . Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France , Paris , New York or Hong Kong . Baked Alaska , that contains Christmas pudding , is from the country of Franc . Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong . Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart ( also called Bakewell pudding ) and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area . Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales in 182 . It includes ground almonds , jam , butter , eggs . The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and egg . It was created in the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , Derbyshire Dales in the 1820 ' s . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales are . It contains a shortcrust pastr . A variety of that pudding is the bakewell tart . Originating from the Derbyshire Dales , Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or col . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . Noodles are an ingredient in the dish Bakso which comes from China and is popular all over Indonesia and south eastern Asian countries . Bakso , made from Tapioca , is a dish found all over China , Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso is a popular dish containing Tapioca and found all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso has celery as an ingredient and is found in both Indonesia and China . Bakso is a dish from Indonesia that contains the ingredient celery . Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in Indonesia . Bakso , which contains noodles , comes from the country of Indonesia . Avacado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquio department . Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Antioquia Department region in Colombia . Bandeja paisa is a regional dish containing lemons from the Antioquia Department in Columbia . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , Colombian cuisine , and one of the ingredients is lemon . Pork belly is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja pais . This is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Columbian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , and typical Colombian cuisin . Chorizo is one of its ingredients . Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande . Barny cakes come from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the French language is spoken . Barny cakes come from France where French is the spoken language and the leader is Manuel Valls . France , led by Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande , is the location of Barny cakes . Barny cakes may be found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is the leader . A traditional dish of Indonesia is called Batagor , which has peanut sauce as an ingredient and should be served hot . Shumai ( which contains shiitake ) is a variation of batagor , which itself is a variation of the Siomay dish . An ingredient of the dish batagor is peanut sauce , batagor and siomay are variatons of the same dish and shumai is a variation of siomay . Batchoy comes from the Philippines and has the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia and is popular in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader . Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in the region of Indonesia and Singapore . Beef Kway Teow is made in Indonesia , and Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore , whose leaders include Tony Tan , and is also made in Indonesia . An ingredient of beef kway teow , which originates from Singapore and Indonesia is palm sugar . An ingredient of beef kway teow , which originates from Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia , is palm sugar . Bhajji originates from Indi . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in it . Gram flour is used to make Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India , it includes vegetables . Bhajji is a dish which contains vegetables from the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji originate from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and TS Thakur is the leader . Narendra Modi leads India whose people are known as Indian . Bhajji comes from India . Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of the Indian people . India , led by Sumitra Mahajan and inhabited by the Indian people , is the home to Bhajji . Bhajji originates from India where Narendra Modi and Sunmitra Mahajan are leaders , . The country India has as it ' s leaders Sumitra Mahajan and T. . Thakur , it is also home to the dish bhajji . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert and binignit ( which contains coconut milk ) should also be served as a dessert . Cookies and binignit ( which contains sweet potato ) are types of dessert . Two of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato ( of the order of Solanales ) . The main ingredient of Binignit is banana , and sweet potato , that is of the order Solanales . Sweet potato and Taro are two of the main ingredients in Binignit , a dish that can be found in the Philippines . The ingredients of binignit include taro and sweet potato , the latter belonging to the solanales order of plants . Binignit is made from Taro and is served as a dessert as is Sandesh . One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana , originating from the philippines and has taro as an ingredient . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato , whic can be found in the philippines and has Taro as an ingredient . Both cookies and binignit are dessert . The latter dish has sweet potatoes as the main ingredient . Sweet potatoes are the main ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert cours . Cookies are also a type of dessert . Two types of dessert are Sandesh and Binigni . The latter has sweet potato as a main ingredient . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , it is a dessert same as sandesh . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , it is a dessert , same as Sandesh ( confectionery ) . One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato ( part of the order of Solanales. ) , another ingredient that can be used is Sago . The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which , along with sago , is an ingredient in binignit . Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , a food that can be found in Guadalajara , in Mexico . Bionico is a food found in mexico , comes from the region of Jalisco and has condensed milk as an ingredient . Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the region Jalisco , in Mexico . Sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dish that comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where the language is Spanish and also where the food Bionico is found . Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico , where the leader is is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the food found there is Bionico . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish . Bionico is a food found in Mexico , the country where Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders . Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , a dish served as an alternative to Sandesh ( confectionery ) for dessert . Sandesh and Bionico are desserts , bionico contains raisins . Chicharron is a dish from Spain and is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa which is a traditional food from the Paisa region . Granola is a key ingredient in Bionico , which like ice cream is a type of dessert . Ice cream is a dessert , as is Bionico which contains raisins . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the language is Indonesian and one of the local dishes is Bakso . Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the Indonesian language is spoken . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and where Laura Boldrini is the leader . Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini is a leader . Rome is the capital of Italy , where Matteo Renzi is a leader , and where Amatriciana sauce can be found . Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Javenese people are an ethnic group . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes fro . They speak Philippine-English there and one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where there is a ethnic group called Zamboangans and the language is Philippine English . The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten and one of the languages is Arabic . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Chinese Filipinos . Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the language spoken is known as Philippine Englis . The country includes people of Moro ethnicity . The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines , where the language is Philippine English and one of the ethnic groups is Igorot . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is the language and one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people . Batchoy comes from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and Philippine Spanish is the spoken language . The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines , where the spoken language is Philippine Spanis . It is also where Batchoy comes from . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro people are an ethnic group and the language used is known as Philippine Spanish . Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapor . Standard Chinese is their language spoken , this Country leader is Tony Tan . Shumai is a variation of Batagor and Sioma . One of the ingredients in Siomay is peanut sauce . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spai . The county uses the euro for its currency , and is also where Arròs negre is from . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where the Spaniards are from and also where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain whose currency is the Eur . Ajoblanco originates from that country . The tomato belongs to the genus Solanium and the Solanaceae plant famil . It is a main ingredient in the dish Amatriciana sauce . Alan Bean , who received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission , retired in June 1981 . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin , B.S. 1955 and was a crew member of Apollo 12 before retiring on June 1981 . Alan Bean , born March 15 , 1932 , spent over 69 days ( or 100305 minutes! ) in space as a member of the Apollo 12 crew . Alan Bean ( born on 1932-03-15 ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent 100305.0 " ( minutes ) in space ! Alan Bean , who was born on 15th of March 1932 and selected by NASA in 1963 , is now retired . Alan Bean has retired , having been born in Wheeler , Texas and serving on the crew of Apollo 12 . Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC in 1957 , and died in California . Alan Shepard graduated from NWC , M.A. in 1957 , he died in California on 1998-07-21 . Alan Shepard , now deceased , was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 and spent a total of 13017 minutes in space . Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 crew . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 where Alan Bean served as a crew member . Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA , with Alfred Warren as a backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 and was born on 1930-01-20 . Buzz Aldrin ( born at Glen Ridge in New Jersey , USA ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge New Jersey ) was a fighter pilot and went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc.D. 1963 . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey situated in the Essex County , he was a crew member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin was a US national who served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas . Elliot See was born in Dallas , located in the Collin County in Texas . Elliot See who was a student of the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot , has died . Elliot See was born in Dallas , and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin where Hook ' em is the mascot . Elliot See , who was born in Dallas and flew as a test pilot , was selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See , who was chosen by NASA in 1962 to serve as a test pilot , was born in Dallas . Elliot See was born in Dallas and became a test pilot who was chosen by NASA in 1962 . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 served as a test pilot and died in St Louis. . William Anders graduated with a M.S. in 1962 from AFIT , became a member of the Apollo 8 team and retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , served as a test pilot and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a part of Apollo 8 and served as fighter pilot . United States Ambassador to Norway , William Anders , was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 1962 with an M.S . William Anders and Frank Borman were both crew members on Apollo 8 operated by NASA . William Anders , who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. , was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Fr.ank Borman . William Anders , born 1933-10-17 , joined NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders , who was born on the 17th of October , 1933 , joined NASA in 1963 and served as a member of the crew of Apollo 8 . William Anders , born 17 October 1933 was chosen by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 . William Anders joined NASA in 1963 , is an American and was born in British Hong Kong . Birmingham , led by the Labour Party , was the birthplace of John Madin who was the architect that designed 103 Colmore Row . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham , this city is the hometown of Joh Madin , who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . The building of 103 Colmore Row completed in 1976 is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors . 108 S . Georges Terrace , completed in 1988 , is located in Perth , Australia . 11 Diagonal Street is in South Afric . Cape Town is the capital city and its leader is Jacob Zuma . The White South Africans are an ethnic group in the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located . 200 Public Square which has 45 floors was completed in Cleveland in 1985 . Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio and Frank G Jackson is a leader . 200 Public Square in Public Square , Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors . 20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London ( the leader of which is Boris Johnson ) has 34 floors . Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street with 34 floors is located . 20 Fenchurch Street is in London where the leader is Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom . 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floor and is located in The United Kingdom; which is lead by Elizabeth II . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and the demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people . Delaware Avenue , which has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square meters , began construction in January of 2014 . There are 12 floors at 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , with a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York which is a part of Erie County and the leader is Byron Brown . Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle that was finished in 200 . It has 60 floors . 300 North La Salle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , U . In this city we can find 300 North LaSalle . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Dupage County , Illinois , U.S . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County Illinois , with Rahm Emanuel being the leader of Chicago . Chicago , Cook County , Illinois is home to 300 North La Salle and their leader is Rahm Emanuel . The US architect George Winckler was the architect for the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929 . The architect of 3Arena , in North Wall Dublin and completed in December 2008 , is Populous . The 3Arena at East Link Bridge was designed by Populous and completed in December 2008 . HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , completed December 2008 and located at North Wall , Dublin . 3Arena , completed in December 2008 is located at North Wall , Dubli . HOK SVE was the architect . 3Arena , located at North Wall , Dublin , was designed by HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 . 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , and owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located . Bill Marriott is one of the key people at the Marriott International which is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . Marriott International , tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , was founded in Washington , D.C . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark , and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is leader at the Marriott International . Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark , whose leader is Margrethe ll . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is tenanted by Marriott International is located . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is the Marriott International Hote . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC . Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is Marriott International . The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by JP McManus . The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 , with the architect being George Richard Pain . James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor building which construction started in 1700 and completed in 1862 . The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenn . Irish people inhabit that country . Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster . Addis Ababa in Ethiopia is the location of the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall . The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall can both be found in Ethiopia . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is in theTudor Revival architectural style . Adisham Hall in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is of the Tudor Revival architectural style . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lank . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lank . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka . Tamil is the language of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum located in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . Akita in the province of the same name , Japan , is home to the Akita Museum of Art . The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Ster . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business located in the United States . The Mason School of Business currently tenant Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in the United States . The Alan . Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 and currently hosts the US Mason School of Business . Located in the United States , the Mason School of Business currently live in the Alan . Miller Hall , a building which cost 75 million dollars . Robert A M Stern is the architect of Alan B Miller Hall , owned by The College of William & Mary and located in Virginia . Alan . Miller Hall , which is owned by The College of William and Mary , is situated in Virginia and was designed by Robert A. . Stern . Mason School of Business , located in the United States , is a tenant of the Alan . Miller Hall , that is situated in Virginia . The College of William and Mary is owned by Alan . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virgini . It was designed by Robert A. . Stern . The Alan . Miller Hall , designed by the architect Robert A. . Stern , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , and owned by the College of William and Mary . Alan . Miller Hall was completed on June 1st , 2009 in Williamsburg , Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary . The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , op . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , which is lead by Narendra Modi . Sri Lanka ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte; it ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it houses Ampara Hospital . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located in Asherton , Texa . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , U.S. and is part of Dimmit County , Texas . Julia Morgan , San Francisco native , is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference . The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds ( constructed 1913 ) is Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California and it holds the Reference Number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places . Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 is located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places . Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , California was constructed in 1913 and is based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . Asser Levy Public Baths is in Avenue A , Manhatta . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in April 23 , 1980 with a Reference Number of 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference number 80002709 . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in the United States in New York City , which used to be part of New Netherland . Asser Levy Public Baths are in Brooklyn , New York City ( part of New Netherland ) . The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , Manhattan ( a part of New Netherland ) . The Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan , New York City are part of New Netherland . The Liberal Democrats lead Birmingham , home town of architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa . Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopi . The current leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome also Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Ethiopia . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , which is led by Anandiben Patel . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country where the leader is T S Thakur and the prime minister is Narendra Modi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India which is has a leader called T. . Thakur . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat in India , which is lead by T S Thakur . The residents of India are known as the Indian peopl . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is lead by T S Thakur . Marriott International , founded in Washington DC , is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , English is the language of the United States and Joe Biden is the leader of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak English and are lead by Paul Ryan . Paul Ryan ' s title as leader is President of the United States. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Keral . It has an academic staff of 250 . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerlan . The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Mendrisio in 199 . Its dean is Mario Botta . The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and the university was established in 1996 . The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . The University has a staff of 100 and 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticin . There are 600 students and 100 staff members . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisi . Its dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was an academic staff of ~50 . Its motto is " Nurturing Excellence. " . The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has a staff of about 500 , the university ' s motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University it ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established at Bangalore in 200 . It has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli , India its address is Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 . It has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romani . Bucharest is the capital of Romania . Kempe Gowda is the founder of Bangalore , the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology whose President is B M Reddy . The Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatk . Karnatka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west . With a staff compliment of 250 , AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , the leader of that state is named Kochi . The .Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 within the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride . The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group within Romania which has a Prime Minister as its leade . The country is the location for the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark and has a staff of 737 . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Associatio . It has 737 staff and 16 , 000 students . Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and has the title of Monarchy of Denmar . The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , affiliated with the European University Association , was established in 192 . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark , has 16 , 000 students and was established in 1928 . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 , and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in Belgaum . Airman , AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . The alternative name of the comic character Airman is " Drake Stevens " . He was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan . The comic book character Arion , aka Ahri ' ahn , was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg . Asterix the comic character whose alternative name is Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny . The comic book character Aurakles ( alternative name Aurakles ) was created by Dick Dillin from the United States . The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel who is an American . Auron , a comic character whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson . The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson . Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC which has headquarters at Broadcasting House and broadcast Bananaman . Bananaman , the TV series was shown on the BBC which has its home at Broadcasting House in Londo . A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead . Bananaman , the TV series , was shown on the BB . Broadcasting House in London is the location of the BBC and a key person there is Tony Hall or Baron Hall of Birkenhead to give him his full title . The American , Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder who has the alternative name of Balder Odinson . Stan Lee and American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder . Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder . Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV . The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . Banaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was first broadcast by STV on 3 October 1983 . Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in Big Hero 6 . Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who is voiced by Scott Adsit . Scott Adsit voiced the character Baymax which was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway , Jerry Ordway is American . The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond , the character was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle . The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino . " Mark Desmond " , also known as Blockbuster , is a comic character created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino . The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon who is Puerto Rican . Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins . Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins who is an American . Dane Whitman , aka Black Knight , was created by John Buschema and Roy Thomas . Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . Auron - full name Lambien - is a comic character created by the American Karl Kesel . Sheldon Moldoff was an American National who won the Inkpot Award and created the Black Pirate . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark; where the language is Danish . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese . Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmar . Faroese is the language there . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark and Greenlandic is the official language in Denmark . Tirstrup is located in Denmark , where Margrethe II is leade . The Aarhus airport is located here . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , which is in the Central Denmark region . Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport , has a runway length of 2702.0 metres and a runway named 10L / 28R . Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport where the runway 10L / 28R with a length of 2776.0 . Aarhus Airport , which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , has a runway that ' s 2 , 776 long and is named 10L / 28R . Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisatio . Its runway ' s name is 10R / 28L and is 2776.0 feet in length . Serving the city of Abilene in Texas , Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 121 metres . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texa . Its runway length is 2194.0 and 546 m above sea level . Abilene Regional Airport , serving the city of Abilene Texas , has a runway length of 2195.0 and is located at 546 meters above sea level . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Madrid , Spain and it is elevated 610 metres above sea level . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid , Spain is elevated 610 meters above sea level . Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport ( in Alcobendas ) , has a runway named 14L / 32R and a runway that is 3500 metres long . Located in Alcobendas is Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airpor . This airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway name 14L / 32R . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobenda . The name of the runway is 14L / 32R and its length is 3500 m . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport , which is in Paracuellos de Jarama , has a runway named 18L / 36R and is 4 , 100 long . Located in Paracuellos de Jarama , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has the runway name 18L / 36R and a runway length of 4349 metres . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is at 610 metres above sea level and is located at Paracuellos de Jarama , Spain . The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport iin Madrid is 3500m and named 14L / 32R . The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport at San Sebastian de los Reyes is 18L / 36R and it is 4349 metres long . Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , Parana state , where the local leader party is the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) . Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais; its runway name is 15 / 33 and it is 1800 metres long . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 2215.0 which is named 15 / 33 . Agra Airport is in Utter Pradesh , Bundelkhand , whose leader is Ram Naik . Agra airport is located inAgra and its location identifier is VIA . The Indian Air Force operate this airport . Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway that is 3090 metres long . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and using F-16 Fighting Falcons as an aircraft fighter.The 1986 United States bombing of Lybia was carried out by the US Air Force . The USAF operate the Al Asad airbase , and previously were involved in the Invasion of Panam . The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter . The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and using McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighters , and fought the battles during " The Operation Enduring Freedom " . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which was involved in the United States invasion of Panama , and who use an aircarft fighter called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . The USAF , the operating organization for Al Asad airbase , was involved in the Invasion of Panama and has the aircraft fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbas . They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as The General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama . The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panam . They also operate Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the Korean war and at the invasion of Panama . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , part of the Madrid community in Spain . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas ( Spain ) where the leader party is the Peoples Party . Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which has a runway length of 733.0 metre . Additionally , its 1st runway has an asphalt surface . Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , and has an asphalt runway of 877m . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , and has a runway length of 3310. . The runway name is 18L / 36R . Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U.S.A . With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , in Alpena County , Michigan , in the U.S.A . Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 8.0 . Andrews County Airport is in Texas , U. . Austin is the capital of Texas . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( United States ) where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan . Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas , in the United States . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the language spoken is English . Andrews County airport is located in Texas ( which speaks English ) but uses Tejano as their demonym . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austi . Spanish is one language spoken there . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas state , whose capital city is Austin and Spanish is one of the spoken language there . The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea leve . Its runway is 4000 feet long . Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above sea level with a runway that ' s 4 , 000 feet long . Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and is 159 metres above sea level . With a runway length of 3800 metres , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , in Angola . Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola , Angola International Airport has a runway name 05L / 23R . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium , where the capital is Brussels . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and serves Antwerp cit . It is 12 m above sea level . Antwerp international airport , serving Antwerp , with an elevation of 12 meters is operated by the Flemish government . Antwerp International Airport serves Antwer . It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government . The Antwerp International Airport is operated and owned by the Flemish Governmen . It serves the city of Antwerp . Appletone International Airport city serves Appleton , Wisconsin , which is part of Kimberly and Grand Chute . Little Chute is part of Appleton which is served by Appleton International Airpor . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Menasha in the U.S.A . Appleton International Airport , which is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 1 , 982 long , is operated by Outagamie County in Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439. . It is operated from Outagamie County , Wisconsin . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales and in the class of Monocotyledon . Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 141 . The 3rd runway is surfaced with poaceae . Located in Ashbat , Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the hub of which is at Turkmenbashi International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International Airport . The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greec . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of that country . With a runway length of 4000.0 metres , Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens , Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000 metres . In New York and New Jersey , the Port Authority operates from the Four World Trade Centr . It operates the Atlantic City International Airport . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International Airpor . This airport has a runway length of 3048 metres and a runway named " 13 / 31 " . The Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the port authority of NY and NJ , has a runway length of 3048.0. and a name of 13 / 31 . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey in the United States . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township ( a township in Atlantic County ) , New Jersey , United States . Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses HAL Light Combat Helicopter ( aircraft helicopter ) and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III ( a transport aircraft ) . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq , a country where the Kurdish languages are spoken . Haider Al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid which is part of the community of Madrid , Spain . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in the community of Madrid , in Spain . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan which is where the City of Lahore is. this city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants . Poaceae , of the Commelinids order , belongs to the division of flowering plants and its the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales . Poaceae is of the order Poales and in the division of flowering plant . It is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order Poales . The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids . Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids and the division of flowering plant . It is also the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown in Essex County , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Essex County in the U.S.A . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was put into print and written by Eric Flin . It can be located by the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and is available in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint is a hardcover publication with 448 pages . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages . The author , Eric Flint , wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion and followed this with 1634 : The Bavarian Crisi . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California . Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was the sequel to 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes , was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank , California . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes written by Eric Flint and influence by Robert A Heinlein . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert . Heinlei . The book is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . Available in hardcover , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages . The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Baltic War ( written by David Weber ) and 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English and was preceded by 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . Authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which in turn was preceded by The Grantville Gazette . Preceded by The Grantville Gazettes , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is 512 pages long and is available in paperback . Born , Burbank California , Eric Flint , author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was published in print and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and published in 163 . It can be found by ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . The E-Book , The Ram Rebellion which was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce et al. has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Written by Virginia DeMarce , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is available as an E-Book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060- . It is published as an E book . ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Tramsactions on Information Systems , or , ACM Tran . In . Syst. is part of the Discipline of Computer Scienc . It can be found by the LCCN number 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or ACM Tran . In . Syst. , has a CODEN code ATISET and an LCCN number of 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Tran . In . Syst. and the CODEN code " ATISET " . The LCCN number is 89646863 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst. and has the LCCN number 89646863 as well as the ISSN number 1046-8188 . The Aids Journal ' s academic discipline is HIV / AIDS and it has an LCCN number of 90640840 . The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and was first published in 1987 . AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor AIP Advance . His alma mater was Harvard University and his doctoral adviser was Michael Tinkham . AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv and is edited by A T Charlie Johnson who has Harvard University for an Alma mater . The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances which is edited by A. . Charlie Johnson who has Stanford University for an Alma mater . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances and the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson , of AIP Advances , is from the United States and has Stanford University for an Alma mater . A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national whose alma mater was Stanford Universit . He is the editor of AIP Advances . The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " by J V Jones can be found in print and the OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in Englis . The book is from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written in the United States in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by . . Jones and is found in hardcover with the OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice by . . Jones was printed in hardcover with the ISBN 0-7653-0633-6 . The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " was written by J V Jones , can be found in print and has 672 pages . A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages , available in print and authored by J. . Jones . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is available in hardcove . It has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Long Long Way has a OCLC number of 57392246 and a ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way , the prequel to The Secret Scripture , was published by Viking Press . A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press , comes from Ireland where the ethnic group is White people . A Long Long Way was printed in print and paperbac . It has 292 pages and the OCLC number 57392246 . A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , was published in print & paperbac . Its ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 . A Loyal Character Dancer written by Qiu Xiaolong is in print and has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . Qiu Xiaolong wrote A Loyal Character which is in print and has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 . A Loyal Character is a 360 page hardcover book written by Qiu Xiaolong . A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Ziaolong , can be found in hardcover and has 360 pages . A Loyal Character Dancer , published in the United States is written in Englis . English is the national language of Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer , published in the United States , is written in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) . The US , home to many Asian Americans , is also where Soho Press published the book A Loyal Character Dancer . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , which leader is Barack Obama . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press which is based in the United State . In addition , African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the US where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the U.S. where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The US is home to Native Americans and also where Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer . A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number : " 0-374-26131-8 " ) is available in prin . The OCLC number is 8805735 . A Severed Wasp was published in hardback , has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and 388 pages . A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 . A Severed Wasp has 388 pages , can be found in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 . Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is available in print and has the ISBN number " 978-0-15-204770-2 " . Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg which has the LCCN number 32024459 and can be located using ISSN number 0025-5858 . The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number " 0025-5858 " and the LCCN number of 3202445 . It is abbreviated to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematic . It has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the abbreviation of Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. . Written by Garth Nix , Above the Veil has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 and the OCLC number 46451790 . Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , was produced in print with the ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil was written in English and was published in the country of Australi . It was preceded by the novel Aenir . Above the Veil by Garth Nix was produced in Print and is 248 pages long . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Mat . Hungar. , focuses on math and has a LCCN number of 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Mat . Hungar. " and the LCCN number of 8364631 . It falls under the academic discipline of Math . Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Mat . Hungar. , has the code AMAHE9 and LCCN number 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica can be abbreviated to Acta Mat . Hungar , and its discipline is Mat . Its ISSN number is 1588-2632 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol , with a LCCN number of 60040714 , is focused on Paleontology . The Acta Palaeontological Polonica , Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , is focused on Paleontology and has the ISSN number 0567-7920 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeonto . Pol , with ISSN number 0567-7920 , is in the academic discipline of paleobiology . The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , Poland , publishes Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . The Journal Addiction was published by Wiley- Blackwell ( parent company John Wiley & Sons ) and has the ISSN number 1360-0443 . Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is published by Wiley-Blackwell who have the parent company John Wiley & Sons . Administrative Science Quarterly known as , Admi . Sc . Q. has the LCCN number of 57059226 and the ISSN number of 0001-8392 . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell Universit . The LCCN number is 57059226 and the abbreviation is Admin.Sci.Q. . Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admi . Sc . Q. and has the LCCN number 5705922 . It comes under the academic discipline of Management . Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admi . Sc . Q is under Management and has a LLCN number of 57059226 . Cornell University , in Ithaca , New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , which publishes of Administrative Science Quarterly , is affiliated with both the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( president Elizabeth Garrett ) . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . Above the Veil followed the book Aenir which is written in English and the ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0 . Aenir , written by Australians , is the prequel to Above the Veil . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language and it comes from the U.S. , where there is and ethnic group of African Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 as well as an OCLC number of 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , a 320 page hardcover book , has a ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages and published in Hardcover with the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has 320 page . The OCLC number is 78771100 . The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to A . . Math. and comes under the discipline of Mat . The ISSN number of the journal is 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics ( A . . Math ) a discipline of Mat . It ' s ISSN number is 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to A . . Math , is published bi-monthly and its discipline is Math , . The American Journal of Mathmetics ( also known as A . . Math. ) discipline is Maths and was first published in 1878 . The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University based in the United States and has an ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The ISSN number " 0002-9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematic . It is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and based in the United States . The American Journal of Mathematics ( ISSN# : 0002-9327 ) is published by the United States ' John Hopkins University Press . The American Journal of Mathematics. abbreviated to A . . Math , is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States . John Hopkins University , a US parent company to John Hopkins University Press , published The American Journal of Mathematics . Alcatraz versus the Evil LIbrarians and its sequel Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones were written by Brnadon Sanderson from Lincoln , Nebraska . English is spoken in both Great Britain and the United State . Additionally , A severed Wasp is from the United States . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United State . In this country and Great Britain English is the language spoken . John Cowpher Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . He wrote Oliver Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance . Born in Shirley , Derbyshire , John Cowper Powys is the author of Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance . The Administrative Science Quarterly , OCLC 1461102 , is published by SAGE Publications founded by Sara Miller McCune . The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where the capital city is Washington DC and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where the capital is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The US is home to Native Americans and is the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ic . Washington , D.C. is the capital . A Wizard of Mars comes from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D. . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . In the United States , where English is the primary language , one of the ethnic groups is African America . In addition , A Fortress of Grey Ice is also from the United States . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans and where the capital is Washington DC . The US is home to Asian Americans and is the origin place of A Severed Was . Washington , D.C. is the capital . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where there are many Asian Americans and the leader is Barack Obama . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the president and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States which has many Asian American . Joe Biden is a leader in the U.S . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leader and there are many Asian Americans . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which English is the language , and Native Americans are among its ethnic groups . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where they speak English and Native Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the language used is English . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United State . Here and in Great Britain the language spoken is English . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and the African Americans are an ethnic group . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where Barack Obama is the president and there are many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is president and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the presiden . It is also the country that A Fortress of Grey Ice is from . Barack Obama is the president of the U.S. which is home to the severed wasp and also African Americans . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the President is Barack Obam . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is president and where A Severed Wasp is from . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . Native Americans and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are part of the US; which Barack Obama is the president of . The united States , under the leadership of Barack Obama , is home to ethnic groups such as Native Americans and is where the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians came from . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leade . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and one of the leaders is Joe Biden . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the leader of the country is called the President . The President is the leader of the United States which is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was writte . Additionally , Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is called the President , and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . Viking Press in the United States published A Long Long Way which was followed by The Secret Scripture . Viking Press in the United States is owned by its parent company Penguin Random House and published the book " A Long Long Way " . The author , John Cowper Powys , has written the books A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle ( in that order ) . Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas . Abilene , Texas is part of Texas . Abilene is part of Texas . The third runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 7 , 202 feet long . The 3rd runway at Abilene Regional airport is 7202 feet . KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport . The ICAO Location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is KABI . Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0 . Abilene Regional Airport runway name is 17L / 35R . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3 , 500 . The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4 , 100 . Afonso Pena International Airport is elevated 2988 feet above sea level . The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 2215.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11 / 29 . The runway name of Afonso Pena International Airport is 15 / 33 . Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force . Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3078.48 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3990.0 . The Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990.0 . The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 08 / 26 . The AI Asad Airbase ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " . Saint Anne is the capital of Alderney . The main language spoken on Alderney is English . Alderney uses the English language . Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497.0 . The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497.0 . The runway at Alderney Airport is named 03 / 21 . Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Alpena Michigan is a country in United States . Alpena , Michigan is in the U.S . Alpena , Michigan is located in the United States . Alpena County Regional Airport city served Alpena , Michigan . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County in Michigan . The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The Alpena County Regional Airport ' s location id is " APN " . The loaction identifier of Alpena County Regional Airport is APN . 7 / 25 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport . Amsterdam ' s leader is Eberhard van der Laan . The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan . The length of the 1st runway at Amsterdam airport Schipol is 3800 metres . The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is in Haarlemmermeer . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operating organization is Schiphol Group . Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is run by the operation organisation the Schiphol Group . The runway length of Amsterdam airport Schipol is 3300.0 . The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3300 . The length of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3400.0 metres . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 04 / 22 Ooostbaan . 09 / 27 Buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol . The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18C / 36C Zwanenburgbaan . The largest city in Andrews County , Texas is Andrews . Andrews , Texas is the largest city in Andrews County , Texas . The Andrews County Airport ' s 3rd runway length in ft is 2939 . The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of Asphalt . E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport . The Andrews County Airport ' s runway length is 929 . The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13 , 123 feet . 5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport . The Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo . Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp . The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region . The runway at Antwerp International airport is 600.0 in length . The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600.0 . Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin . The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet . The 1st runway length in feet of Appleton International Airport is 8002 . The operating organization for Appleton International Airport is in Outagamie County , Wisconsin . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is 1960 feet in length . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand ' s 3rd runway length in feet is 1960 . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level . The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand ' s runway length is 1411 . The runway length of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is 597.0 . 07 / 25 is the runway name of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat . The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines . Ashgabat International Airport ' s runway is 900 meters long . The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 12L / 30R . Athens is a city in Greece . The runway length of Athens International Airport is 4000.0 . The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , N.J . The capital of Belgium is Brussels . The capital city of Belgium is Brussels . The language of Belgium is French . Belguim ' s official language is German . Denmark language is Danish language . One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic . Egg Harbor Township is located in New Jersey , in the United States . Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Flanders is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Government . Greece demonym is Greeks . Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . The leader of India is T. . Thakur . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force . Haider al-Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq . Lake Placid , New York , is part of New York . The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif . Paracuellos de Jarama is in Spain . Paracuellos de Jarama is located in Spain . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New York region . Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan . San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid . Saranac Lake , New York is located in the United States . São José dos Pinhais is part of the state of Paraná . Texas demonym is Tejano . English is spoken in Texas . Spanish is spoken in Texas . Tirstrup is part of Denmark . The hub airport for Turkmenistan airlines is Ashgabat International airport . One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war . The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force . The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force . Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force . Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of the United States . Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola . Alan Bean received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . Alan Bean was a test pilot . Alan Bean served as a test pilot . Alan Bean is now retired . Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in space . Alan Bean ' s time in space was 100305.0 minutes . Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission . Alan Bean was selected by Nasa in 1963 . Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 . Alan Shepard graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A . Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . Alan Shepard retired August 1st , 1974 . Alan Shepard retired 1974-08-01 . Alan Shepard died on the 21st of July , 1998 . The nationality of Alan Shepard is United States . Alan Shepard served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 . Alan Shepard is deceased . Alan Shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . Alan Shepard served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office . Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14 . Alan Shepard won the American Defense Service ribbon . Alan Shepard was selected by NASA in 1959 . Apollo 11 was operated by NASA . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 . Frank Borman was a member of the crew on Apollo 8 . Frank Borman was a crewman aboard Apollo 8 . The British Hong Kong representative is Chris Patten . Buzz Aldrin ' s real name was Edwin . Aldrin , Jr . Buzz Aldrin ' s birth date was 1930 01 20 . Buzz Aldrin was born January 20 , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 . Buzz Aldrin ' s birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin retired on the 7th of January 1971 . Buzz Aldrin performed as a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin is now retired . Buzz Aldrin spent 52.0 minutes in Space . Buzz Aldrin walked in space 52.0 minutes . One of California ' s senators is Dianne Feinstein . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California . Dallas is in Collin County , Texas . the Distinguished service medal from the Navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Distinguished Service Medal from United States Navy ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 . The nationality of Elliot See is United States . Elliot See had a nationality that was of the United States . Elliot See is from the United States . Elliot See was chosen by NASA in 1962 . The Purple finch is a bird found in New Hampshire . Joe Biden was a representative of the United States . University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System . The University of Texas , Austin , will compete in the Big 12 Conference . William Anders retired on September 1st , 1969 . William Anders retired on September 1 , 1969 . William Anders retired 1969-09-01 . William Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 . William Anders serves as Ambassador to Norway in the United States . William Anders ' title is the US Ambassador to Norway . William Anders is the United States Ambassador to Norway . William Anders was a crew member on Apollo 8 . 103 Colmore Row is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " . 103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . The construction of 108 St Georges Terrace began in 1981 . There are 50 floors at 108 St Georges Terrace . The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn . 11 Diagonal Street was built in 1978 . 11 Diagonal Street has a floor area of 1200 square metres . Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Strret . HOK ( firm ) were the architects of 200 Public Square . 200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres . 20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April of 2014 . There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street . The start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue was January 2014 . 250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars . 250 Delawre Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York . 300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 . There are 22 floors in 320 South Boston Building . The building at 320 South Boston Street has 22 floors . 320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building . The previous name of 320 South Boston Building was the Exchange National Bank Building . 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres in height . The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous . The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin . The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen was 3XN . The AC Hotel , Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark . James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor . Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in 1964 . Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 . The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall . Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high . Adisham Hall is located on S . Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Halls Architectural style`is Tudor and Jacabian . Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka . Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka . Tadao Ando is the architect who designed the Akita Museum of Art . Tadao Ando is the architect of Akita Museum . Alan B Miller Hall was built in the Georgian architecture style . The architect Alfred Giles was born in England . The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County , Texas . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat . The bed count of Ampara Hospital is 476 . Ampara Hospital has 476 beds . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 . Asherton Texas is in the United States . Asherton is part of Dimmit County , Texas . Asilomar Conference Grounds has the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement . The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement . Asilomar Conference Grouns is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California . Asser Levy Public Baths ' reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places . The Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . Augustus Pugin ' s birthplace is Bloomsbury . The Birmingham City Council is the governing body of Birmingham . Liberal Democrats are leaders of Birmingham . Chicago is part of Cook County , Illinois . Cleveland ' s governing body is Cleveland City Council . County Limerick is governed by the Limerick City and County Council . Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark . One of the languages in Denmark is the German . European Parliament is the title of the leader of Dublin . The leader of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is the name of the leader in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka . Ethiopia ' s currency is the Ethiopian Birr . The Ethiopian birr is the money used in Ethiopia . The language spoken in Ethiopia is Amharic . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujurat . Illinois is situated in the United States . The English language is spoken in Illinois . Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India . . . Thakur was an Indian leader . Japan has an ethnic group called Koreans in Japan . Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan . The Emperor of Japan is Akihito . Julia Morgan was born in California . Hearst Castle was a significant project of Julia Morgan . Boris Johnson is the leader in London . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr . The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer . Marriott International is based in Bethesda , Maryland . Pacific Grove , California is located in the United States . Irish is one of the official language in the Republic of Ireland . Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland . The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny . People from South Africa can say they are from South Africa . In South Africa there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans . The United Kingdom ' s currency is Pound sterling . The currency of the United Kingdom is the Pound sterling . The demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people . Joe Biden is a leader of the U.S . The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States . David Weber is the author of 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . The book " 1634 : The Galileo Affair is available in English . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available as an E-Book . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson . Stanford University is the alma mater for A. . Charlie Johnson . A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national . A. . Charlie Johnson resides in the United States . A. . Charlie Johnson lives in the U.S . ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the ISSN number 1558-2868 . ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst . ISSN number 0269-9370 is the AIDS journal . The AIDS journal studiies HIV / AIDS . The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . AIP Advances covers the discipline of physics . A fortress of Grey Ice is available in print . A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages . The Library of Congress Classification of " A Glastonbury Romance " is PR6031.0867 . A Long Long Way is available in hardcover . A Long Long Way is 292 pages long . A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne . The book " A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press . The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501 . Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer . A Loyal Character Dancer is in print . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in Hardcover . A loyal Character Dancer is 360 pages long . A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press . A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 " . A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 . A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735 . A Severed Wasp was written in the English language . A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book . A Severed Wasp was published in hardback . 388 is the number of pages A severed Wasp has . A severed wasp is published by Farrar , Straus and Giroux . A Wizard of Mars has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . A Wizard of Mars is available in print form . A Wizard of Mars is preceded by Wizards at War . Wizards at War preceded A Wizard of Mars . A Wizard of Mars was preceded by Wizards at War . Harcourt is the publisher of A Wizard of Mars . A Wizard of Mars is published by Harcourt . The code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is AMHAAJ . The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0-439-17685-9 . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir . The CODEN code for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is " AMAHE9 " . Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the LCCN number 83646315 . Acta Mathematica Hungarica is published by Springer Science and Business Media . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732-2421 . The ISSN number for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421 . Paleobiology is the academic discipine of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . The journal Addiction has the ISSN number 1360-0443 . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " . Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction . The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . Administrative Science Quarterly has the ISSN number of 0001-8392 . Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . Administrative Society Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications . Aenir has the ISBN number of " 0-439-17684-0 " . Aenir is an Australian novel . Above the Veil followed the book Aenir . Aenir is available in print . Aenir was produced in print . The book titled Aenir is a paperback . Aenir is a book that has 233 pages . Aenir has a total of 233 pages . The novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle . The literary genre of Alcatrz Versus the Evil Librarians is fantasy literature . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature . The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number 1080-6377 . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics . The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University . Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics . Cornell University is located in Ithaca , New York . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert . Heinlein . Grantville Gazette II is preceded by The Grantville Gazette . The Grantville Gazette preceded The Grantville Gazette II . HIV comes under the family of Retroviruses . HIV is part of the family Retrovirus . The novel Into Battle is published by Australians . Into Battle ( novel ) was preceded by Above the Veil . Ireland is located within Europe . John Cowpher Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . John Cowper Powys died in Blaenau Ffestiniog . The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by the author John Cowper Powys . John Cowper Powys notableWork was Porius A Romance of the Dark Ages . Johns Hopkins University Press is based in the United States . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press . Madeleine L ' Engle was influenced by George MacDonald . The Polish Academy of Sciences serves Poland . Ring of Fire II is written in English . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written prior to " Ring of Fire II " . British people inhabit the UK . English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom . The capital city of the United States is Washington D.C . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . White Americans live in the United States . The leader of the United States is known as the President . The title of the leader of the United States is the President . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press . The parent company of Wiley-Blackwell is John Wiley & Sons . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell . 2014 saw . FC Koln participating . 1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league . A. . Cesena is in the Serie B league . A. . Cesana play in Serie B . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena . The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi . A. . Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in Serie A . The fullname of A. . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA . A. . Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro / A league . AC Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro league . A. . Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro . Michele Marcolini manages the A. . Lumezzane . A. . Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . A.F. . Blackpool play in season 2014 . AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season . A.F.C.Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Park . A.F. . Fylde ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . A.F. . Fylde ground is Warton Fylde . AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor . The full name of A. . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season . A. . Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season . The fullname of A. . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva . A. . Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno , Italy . A. . Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci . AS Roma play in the Serie A league . A. . Roma play in Serie A . A. . Roma was in the 2014 season . ACF Fiorentina played in the 2014-15 Serie A season . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece . AFC Ajax has 53502 members . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) play in the Hoofdklasse league . AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season . AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan . The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvulan . There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK . AZAL PFK competed in the season 2014 . AZAL PFK are in season 2014 . AZ Alkmaar ' s fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair . The owner of AZ Alkmaar is Max Huiberts . The title of the chairman of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is President . The " President " is the chairman title of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members . The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Dave Challinor plays for A.F. . Fylde . Dave Challinor played football for Bury FC . Dave Challinor plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C . Frank de Boer played for the Ajax Youth Academy . Athens is the capital of Greece . Greece is inhabited by Greeks . The language spoken in Greece is Greek . Greece ' s leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party in Gubbio . Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F.C . Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy . Jens Hartel plays for . FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel is attached to the club FSV Zwickau . John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax . John van den Brom is in the Jong Ajax club . John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem . John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of the El Salvador national football team . Massimo Drago plays for A. . Cesena . Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 . Massimo Drago plays for A.S. . Licata 1931 . Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio . Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia . Max Huiberts plays for AZ Alkmaar . Michele Marcolini club is A.C > Chievo Verona . Michele Marcolini is attached to the club AC Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini is a member of the A. . Lumezzane club . Michele Marcolini plays for F. . Bari 1908 . Michele Marcolini is affiliated with the youthclub Torino F.C . The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Athens . Paulo Sousa plays for Juventus F.C . Paulo Sousa plays for the Portugal national football team . Peter Stoger plays for FK Austria Wien . Peter Stoger is attached to the club First Vienna FC . PeterStöger plays for SK Rapid Wien club . Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio . Rolando Maran is in the Carrarese Calcio club . Rolando Maran plays for Varese Calcio S.S.D . The Serie A champions are Juventus F.C . S. . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D . Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst . St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio . St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the state of Ohio . S . Vincent-S . Mary High School is in Ohio . Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC . The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Irlam Town Football Club . Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Sparta Rotterdam . Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the United States . There is 0.88 square km of water in Akron , Ohio . Akron , Ohio is located in the U.S . Akron , Ohio is located within the United States . Akron , Ohio is at a height of 306.0 above sea level . Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio . The population density , of Akron ( Ohio ) , is 1239.3 inhabitants per square kilometre . The total area , of Albany ( Georgia ) , is 144.7 square kilometres . Albany , Georgia is in the United States . Albany is part of the U. . State of Georgia . Albany , Oregon has a water area of 0 , 54 square kilometres . The area of water in Albany , Oregon , is 0.54 ( square kilometres ) . Albany is a city in Oregon . Albany is part of Oregon . Albany is located in Oregon , where the population density is 1104.1 inhabitants per square kilometre . Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a total are of 490.9 square kilometres . The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490.9 square kilometres . Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States . Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States . Albuquerque , New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico . Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico . Albuquerque is part of New Mexico . The leader of Albuquerque in New Mexico is Richard J Berry . The leader for Albuquerque in New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives . Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana . Alexandria , Indiana has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Alexandria , Indiana , is 755.3 ( inhabitants per square kilometer ) . Alpharetta , Georgia has an area of water 1.0 sq km . Alpharetta , Georgia is located at 346.0 above sea level . 806 is the area code for Amarillo , Texas . Amarillo is part of Texas . Amarillo Texas has a population density of 746.0 inhabitants per square kilometre . The total area of water in Anaheim , California is 25.2 square kilometres . The total area of Anaheim California is 131.6 sq km . Anaheim , California elevation is 48.0 above the sea level . Anaheim is in Orange County , CA . Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California . The area code of Anderson , Indiana is 765 . The area code of Anderson , Indiana , is 765 . Anderson Indiana has an elevation of 268.0 above sea level . Anderson is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana is led by the Democratic Party of the US . Angola , in Indiana , has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres . Angola is a city in Indiana . Angola , Indiana is in Steuben County . Angola in Indiana is part of the United States . The population density in Angola , Indiana , is 524.5 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Ann Arbor in Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres . Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County . The title of the leader of Ann Arbor in Michigan is the City Manager . The UTC offset for Antioch California is -7 . Antioch is part of California . The city of Antioch is located within California . The Mayor leads Antioch , California . The total population of Antioch , California is 102372 . 94509 and 94531 are postal codes for Antioch , CA . The area codes for Arlington , Texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 . The total area of Arlington ( Texas ) is 258.3 square kilometres . Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas . Arlington , Tarrant County , is in Texas . Arlington is part of the state of Texas . Atlanta has an area code of 404 . The area codes in Atlanta are 404 , 678 , and 470 . The area codes for Atlanta are 404 , 678 and 470 . The area code of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 609 . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey . The leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian . A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , N.J . The population density of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre . The area of Attica Indiana is 4.14 SqKm . Attica , Indiana has a total area of 4.14 sq km . Attica , Indiana is in the United Sates . Attica , Indiana is part of the United States . The area code for Auburn , Alabama is 334 . Auburn , Alabama has an area of water that is 1.7 km . Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States . Population density in Auburn , Alabama is 368.65 inhabitants per square kilometre . Auburn , Washington is located within the United States . King County is the location of Auburn , Washington . Auburn , Washington has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre . The population density of Auburn , Washington , is 914.8 inhabitants per sq km . The area code of Austin ( Texas ) , is 512 . Austin is located in Travis County , Texas . Austin Texas is part of Williamson County . The City Manager leads Austin , Texas . The leader of Austin , Texas is called the Mayor . Austin in Texas has a population of 1296.65 people per square kilometer . The English language is spoken in California . The senate in California is part of the California State Legislature . The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol . The chair of the Democratic Party in the United States is Debbie Wasserman Schultz . The headquarters of the Democratic Party ( United States ) is at South Capitol Street . Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is located in the U.S . Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is within the United States . Covington is the county seat of Fountain County , Indiana . Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , Georgia . Atlanta is the capital of Georgia , United States . Indiana is the United States . Jones County , Texas is in the United States . Jones County , Texas is within the United States . Seattle is the largest city in King County , Washington . Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is situated within the United States . Albany is the largest city in Linn County , Oregon . Albany is the largest city in Linn county which is in Oregon . The largest city in Linn County , Oregon , is Albany . Anderson is the largest city in Madison County , Indiana . Anderson is the largest city of Madison County , Indiana . Monroe Township is in Madison County which is a part of Indiana . The Navajo language , is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico . Don Tripp leads the New Mexico House of representatives . Orange County , California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area . Pierce County , Washington is located within the United States . Tacoma , Washington , is the largest city in Pierce County . Potter County , Texas is in the US . Canyon , is the county seat of Randall County , which is in Texas . The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is Fort Worth . Texas is in the United States . Spanish is spoken in Texas . Houston is the largest city in Texas . The largest city in Travis County , Texas , is Austin . The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans . One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans . One of the ethnic groups in the United States , is Asian Americans . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States . English is the language of the United States . United States House of Representatives is located in Washington DC . Washington is a state is United States . The largest city of Washington state is Seattle . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument has been provided by the National Park Service . 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service . The National Park Service owns the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the state of Maryland . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest . Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County , Pennsylvania , is Franklin County , Pennsylvania . The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found in Turkey . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey . Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey . The National Assembly is the legislative branch of government in Azerbaijan . the legislature in Azerbaijan is National Assembly . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England . The Dead Man ' s Plack is made from rock . Dad Man ' s Plack is made of rock . The Dead Man ' s Plack is made with rock . Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England . The capital of Turkey is Ankara . the currency used in Turkey is lira . Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey . Ahmet _ Davutoğlu is Turkey ' s leader . The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The " 1 Decembrie 1918 University " is in the city Alba Iulia . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia . The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis . AWH Engineering College is in the city of Kuttikkattoor . The city of Aarhus is governed by Magistrates . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino . Ticino is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore . D . . . Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology . The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is D . . . Prabhukumar . The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is ' Nurturing Excellence. ' . The nickname of the Acharya Institute of Technology is AIT . There are about 700 post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students . 700 students are enrolled in a post-graduate program at Acharya Institute of Technology . The number of undergraduates attending the Acharya Institute of Technology is roughly 10000 students . Acharya Institute of Technology has 10 , 000 undergraduate students . Blue , white and orange are the colours adopted by Acharya Institute of Technology . Acharya Institute of Technology ' s official colors are Blue , White and Orange . Acharya Institute of Technology has an outlook ranking of 63 . One of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology is tennis . Kempe Gowda I was the founder of Bangalore . Denmark ' s leader is Lars L??kke Rasmussen . The Leader of Denmark is Lars L??kke Rasmussen . Mumbai is India ' s largest city . To the northeast of Karnataka is Telagana . The Arabian Sea is west of Karnataka . Germans of Romania is an ethnic group in Romania . The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus . The latin name of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is " universitas Aarhusiensis " . Johann Schneider Ammann is the name of the leader of Switzerland . The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . Switzerland ' s legislature is known as the Federal Assembly . The sport Tennis has a Governing Body called the International Tennis Federation . The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body for the tennis sport . Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Belgaum . The character , April O ' Neal , was created by Peter Laird . The creator of April O ' Neil is Peter Laird . Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character , Arion . The comic character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg . Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character , Asterix . The creator of Auron ( comics character ) is Karl Kesel . Auron was created by Walt Simonson . 1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of the BBC . A key person at the BBC is Baron Hall of Birkenhead , Tony Hall . Tony Hall , the Baron Hall of Birkenhead , is a key person with the BBC . One of the products of BCC is BCC radio . The comic character , Balder ' s alternative name , is Balder Odinson . The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench . The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering . The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering . Bananaman was created by Steve Bright . Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau . Baymax was created by Steve . Seagle . Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 . Gene Colan created Ben Urich . The character Ben Urich , was created by Gene Colan . Ben Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie . The film , Big Hero 6 , stars Ryan Potter . Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate . The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Carmine Infantino . The comic character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino . The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Gardner Fox . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox . Roger Stern is the creator of the comic character , Blockbuster . The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle . Ernie Colón was one of the creators of the comic character Bolt . The comic character , Bolt , was created by comic book writer Gary Cohn . The creator of Bolf ( comics character ) is Gary Cohn . The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman . Dick Dillian is from the United States . Doug Moench received the Eagle Award in the comics field . Doug Moench won the Inkpot Award . The nationality of Duncan Rouleau is American . The birth place of Graeme Garden is Aberdeen . Jerry Ordway is American . American was the nationality of John Buscema . Marv Wolfwan won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts . The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is an American . Roy Thomas won the Alley Award . The Arrow is otherwise known as Ralph Payne . The alternative name for the comic character , the Arrow , is Ralph Payne . The comic book character The Arrow ' s alter ego is Rick Parker . Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke-Taylor . Tim Brooke Taylor was born in Derbyshire . Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire . Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England . Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in the UK . Ajoblanco is from Spain . An ingredient of Ajoblanco is garlic . Almond is classed as a flowering plant . Almonds are in the division of flowering plants . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy . Amatriciana sauce can be found in an Italian meal . Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem . Arem-arem uses the ingredient banana leaf . Arem-arem have banana leaf in it . Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine . Basil can be included in Arrabbiaita sauce . Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce . Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce . Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre . Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet . Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States . Bacon Explosion is a main course . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT . One ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread . Condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . one of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup . Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart . Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient in a Bakewell tart . Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region . The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area . Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from . Ground beef is an ingredient in Basko . The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa . Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Rice is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs . Barny Cakes have 18.0g of carbohydrates . Barny cakes were invented in 1999 . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish . Batagor should be served " hot " . Batchoy is a type of soup . one of the ingredients of Batchoy is Pork . Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore . Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow . Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow . Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji . Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka . bhajji and pakora are related . Binignit is a type of dessert . Binignit is a dessert . Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes . Sago is the main ingredient of binignit . Binignit comes from the region Mindanao . Bionico is a dessert . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk. granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico . Bionico is from the Guadalajara region . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . Celery is from the genus apium . Standard Chinese is the language of China . The French language is spoken in France . French is a language spoken in France . Claude Bartolone is a leader of France . Claude Bartolone leads France . The leader of France is Francois Hollande . François Hollande is the leader of France . Gerard Larcher is the leader of France . Manual Valls is the leader of France . The main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken . Indian people are from India . Indians is the name given to people from India . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia . In Indonesia the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia . Italian is the language spoken in Italy . The language of Italy is Italian . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java . The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala . Lemon is from the genus citrus . Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales . lemons are classified in the order sapindales . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia . Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia . Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia . the name of the leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak . The currency of Mexico is the peso . As a dish variation on a pakora , cauliflower can be used . The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines . The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines . Philippine English is the language of the Philippines . Singapore dollar is the currency in Singapore . English is spoken in Singapore . Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore . The ethnic group for Spain is Spaniards . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain . Acehnese people form one of the ethnic groups in Sumatra . Batak is an ethnic group in Sumatra . The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra . Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales . Tomato is part of the flowering plant division . London is the capital of the UK . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States . Joe Biden is a political leader in the U.S . Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community . The comic book character Arion ( also known as Ahri ' ahn ) , was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , the latter having won the Eisner Award . The comic character , Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson . It was created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby . Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which was created by Steve Brigh . It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 . John Geering created the fictional comic superhero of Bananaman which starred Jill Shillin . It was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983 . Bananaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 198 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . The BBC , which is located in London , showed the TV series Bananama . It starred Bill Oddie who was born in Rochdale . Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in the tv series " Bananaman " . The series was shown on the BBC which is based in the broadcasting house in London . Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by the BB . Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in the show , which was created by John Geering . Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylo . It was first aired on 3 October 1983 , being broadcast by the BBC . Big hero 6 was the first appearance for Baymax , created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle . The American , Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax which appeared in the film Big Hero 6 alongside the star of the film , Scott Adsit . Bibbo Bibbowski is the full name of Bo Bibbowski created by Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway . Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway created Bo ( full name Bibbo ) Bibbowski . The comic character Auron ( Lambien ) was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel . The comic character of Auron ( whose full name is Lambien ) was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Karl Kesel . The comic character Bolt , or otherwise known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by both Gary Cohn and U.S national Paris Cullins . Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , is a comic book character created by Gary Cohn and the United States national Paris Cullins . The character of Ben Urich , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie who is American . American Sheldon Moldoff , who has won the Inkpot Award , created The Black Pirate , whose alternative name is Jon Valor . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , has played for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and Berliner AK 07 as well as representing the club FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Hartel has played for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , Berliner AK 07 , FC Sachsen Leipzig and is manager of FC Magdeburg . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härte . He also plays for . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03 , and his club is Berliner AK 07 . The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , he played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig , for SV Germania Schoneiche , and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig . Jens Hartel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzi . Since then he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Germania Schoneiche , whilst managing FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig but is now manager of FC Magdebur . His own club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin . Jens Hartel ' s club is Berliner AK 07 and he is part of FC Union Berli . He used to play for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Hartel played for Berliner AK 07 and has been manager of 1 FC Magdebur . He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . A. . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi , they have 23900 members and play in Serie B , which was previously won by Carpi F.C. 1909 . AC Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they have 23900 member . They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions . The full name of AC Chievo Verona , which has 39371 members and plays at its ground in Verona , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. " . The team played in the 2014 season . Rolando Maran ( born in Italy ) is manager of AC Chievo Verona and has played for Calcio Cantania and Carrarese Calcio . Italian born Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club and also plays for Carrarese Calci . He has previously managed AC Chievo Verona . Rome is the capital city of Italy , which is highly populated by Italian speaking citizen . Italy is also the home of A. . Lumezzane . A. . Lumezzanne ' s ground is in Italy where the capital is Rome , the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso . A. . Lumezzane play in Italy ( inhabited by Italians ) where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Pietro Grasso . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where AC Lumezzane ' s ground is locate . The country is inhabited by Italians who speak the Italian language . Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , has been manager of AC Lumezzane , owns Torino F.C. and played for Vicenza Calcio . The fullname of A. . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiv . Its ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador , it has 10000 members. and its manager is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez . A. . Isidro Metapan , full name Asociacion Deportiva , plays at its ground at Metapa . Their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and they have 10000 members . A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipra . The capital city is Athens and the language spoken in the country is Greek . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Athens is the capita . It is also where two of the leaders are , Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . In the season 2014-2015 AFC Blackpool , who have 1500 members , played in the North West Counties Football Leagu . They have the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their home ground is The Mechanics . A.F. . Blackpool , full name Association Football Club Blackpool , plays at the Mechanics and has 1500 member . They competed in the 2014 season . AFC Blackpool ground is in Blackpool , has 1500 members , played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season , and has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " . AFC Blackpool has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their ground is in Blackpoo . They have 1500 members and competed in the 2014 season . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) and he also plays in this tea . The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party ( UK ) . AFC Blackpool , who ' s leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) is located in Blackpool and has had Stuart Parker as their manager , now attached to Irlam Town Football Club . Blackpool based club AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker who is part of the KV Mechelen clu . The town is lead by the Conservative Party UK . Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. , Dave Challinor , played for Bury F. . He is also both a player of Colwyn Bay F.C. club and the manager of AFC Fylde . Based at Bryning Lane , the Association Football Club Fylde ( A.F. . Fylde ) , has 3180 members and has played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference . The full name of the A.F. . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde. " and they have 3180 member . The club ' s ground is in Lancashire and they competed in the 2014 season . The fullname of A. . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva and they played in the 2014-15 Serie B seaso . Their ground is in Livorno and they have 19238 members . Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A. . Livorno Calci . Its home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi it played in season 2014 and has 19238 members . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of , A. . Roma , who have their ground in Rome , Ital . They competed in the 2014 season and have 70634 members . Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A ( abbreviated to A.S.Roma ) have 70634 members and there ground is Stadio Olimpic . They played in the Serie A league in 2014-2015 . Paulo Souza is manager of ACF Fiorentina , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. , InterMilan club and the Portugal National Football Team . Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague in which AEK Athens FC also compet . AEK Athens home ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members . Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club and manages AEK Athens which competes in the Superleague of Greec . Previous winners of the league are Olympiacos FC . AEK Athens F.C. have 69618 members , their ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F.C. . AEK Athens F.C. which has 69618 members plays at their home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They are in the Superleague of Greece and played in the 2014 season . AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and they played the 2014-2015 seaso . Their ground is in Athens , and they have 69618 members . Frank de Boer once played for the Netherlands national football team and FC Barcelon . He now plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club and manages AFC Ajax . Frank de Boer once played for Al-Shamal Sports Club and the Netherlands national football tea . He is now attached to FC Barcelona while managing AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V . Current tenants of the ground are Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and their nickname is Lucky Aja . They played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season and have 5000 Members . AZAL PFK ' s ground is AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvala . They currently play in the Azerbaijan Premier League whose championship football team is Qarabag FK . Qarabag FK , are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier Leagu . Also to play in that league are AZAL PFK , who are in the 2014 season and have 3500 members . Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK , who have 3500 members also played in 2014-15 . AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn and managed by John van den Bron who plays for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap . John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Aja . He has also been manager for AZ Aklmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts . John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaa . He is in Vitesse Arnhem , and plays for both Istanbulspor AS and AFC Ajax . John van den Brom was previously the manager at AZ Alkmaa . He plays for AFC Ajax , ADO Den Haag and Vitesse Arnhem . Sportiva Arapiraquense , will play this year in the Brazilian Serie C football league Coaracy da Mata Fonseca Stadium , Vila Nova Futebol Clube is the current champion . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( their full name ) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazi . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league . The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is the full name ) is " Alvinegro " . The club played in 2015 and has 17000 members . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is its full name ) , competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série . Their ground has a capacity of 17000 and the title of the chairman of the club is President . St Vincent-St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . Sergio Mattarella leads the Italian people in Ital . The capital city is Rome and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is also located in the country . A. . Gubbio 1910 which is located in Italy which is lead by Sergio Mattarella in the capital city of Rome . A S Gubbio ' s home ground is in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grass . The language spoken is Italian and the people are known as Italians . The ground of A. . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is inhabited by Italians , its leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoke . The country is the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . Located in Athens , the Olympic Stadium , is the ground for AEK Athens F . The manager of which , used to be Gus Poyet , who , is in the Real Zaragoza club . Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Kolin and has played for the following clubs : SK Vorwärts Steyr , Favoritner AC and FK Austria Wien . Peter Stoger previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and now plays for Favoritner A . In addition he is a member of FK Austria Wien coccer club and the manager or 1.FC Koln . Peter Soger has previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and his club now is FC Admira Wacker Modlin . He is currently attached to the club First Vienna FC and manages FC Kolin . Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt clu . He is currently a player in FC Admira Wacker Modling while being a manager at 1.FC Koln . Peter Stöger is manager of FC Kolin , as well as playing for SC Wiener Neustad . He is also in the SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Mödling clubs . Peter Stoger played for both SC Wiener Neustadt and SK Vorwarts Stey . He is now manager of 1 FC Koln and plays for SK Rapid Wien club . Juventus F.C , former champions of Serie A , compete with A. . Roma , known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. , based in Rome , Italy , playing in Serie A . Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also pla . Their full name is " Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. " and they have a ground in Rome , Italy . A. . Roma ' s ground in Rome holds 70634 fan . The club play in Serie A , the champions of which are Juventus F.C . AS Roma have a ground in Rome and have 70634 member . They play in the Serie A league which was previously won by Juventus FC . With a ground in Rome , A. . Roma , competed in the 2014 seaso . They play in Serie A , the champions of which have been Juventus FC . Juventus FC are previous champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also pla . AS Roma played in the 2014 season and have a ground in Rome . A. . Roma of Rome Italy , has 70634 members and plays in Serie A where Juventus . C. are champions . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978-1-4165-4253-7 " The authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was put in print . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , available in hardcover and containing 448 pages , was written by Eric Flint . The ISBN number is 978-1-4165-4253-7 . Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint who wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlei . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which followed 1634 : The Baltic War . 1634 : The Baltic War preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was written by Eric Flint of Burbank California and influenced by Robert A Heinlein . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinle . He was born in Burbank , California and wrote Grantville Gazette II and then 1634 The Bavarian Crisis . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' . The novel that was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flin . It in turn was preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' that was written in English . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint has 512 pages , can be found in E book format and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " and is 512 pages lon . It can be found in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is a hardcover boo . It has 512 pages and the ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : : The Galileo Affai . It was written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was born in Burbank , California . The hardcover book , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et a . It has 512 pages altogether and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover that is 512 pages lon . It was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . The Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS and comes under the academic discipline HI . Their LCCN number is 90640840 and their ISSN number is 1473-5571 . The AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV and studies HIV / AID . It was first published in 1987 and has an ISSN number of 0269-9370 . AIP Advances , published by the American Institute of Physics is edited by A. . Charlie Johnson , who went to Harvard University and lives in the US . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physic . His alma mater is Harvard University . A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national who is the editor of AIP Advance . His alma mater is Stanford University and his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson , who is from the United State . He is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham and his almaMater is Stanford University . AIP Advances , published by American Institute of Physics , is edited by . . Charlie Johnson , who resides in the U.S , and is a graduate of Stanford University . A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and his alma mater is Stanford Universit . He is the editor of AIP Advances which has the ISSN number of 2158-3226 . A Fortress of Grey is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britai . It originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC . A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britai . The book is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . The printed copy of A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages , an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number of -7156-3648-0 . A Long Long Way , available in hardcover , has 292 page . The OCLC number of the work is 57392246 and has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 . A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , was published in print & paperbac . Its ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4 , and OCLC number is 57392246 . A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press which is based in the United State . The book was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture . The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 and The OCLC number is 4980550 . It was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and is in print . Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer in the United State . The book is written in English , and one of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans . Written and English , A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , based in the U . Native Americans are the original ethnic group of said country . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britai . It is published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Pres . The national language of the United States is Englis . One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans and many people from this background reside there . English is the language of the United States. the country where one of the ethnic groups is Native American . It is also where Soho Press , which published A Loyal Character Dancer , is based . A Severed Wasp is in the English language is spoken in Great Britai . The book was written in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The printed book A severed Wasp has 388 pages , an OCLC number of 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 . The book A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131- . The book has a total of 388 pages . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britai . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States . A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United State . The book is written in English ( originated in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D.C . " Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hambur . Their ISSN number is 0025-5858 , their LCCN number is 32024459 and their CODEN code is AMHAAJ . The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg. ) is 0025-585 . It has an LCCN number of 32024459 , and the CODEN code is AMHAAJ . Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil ( produced in print ) . The ISBN# is 0-439-17685-9 and the OCLC# : 46451790 . The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is " 0236-5294 " and the LCCN number 8364631 . It has the CODEN code of " AMAHE9 " and the abbreviation of Acta Mat . Hungar. . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the CODEN code APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol.Pol , was published by the Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Science . This publication has an LCCN number of 60040714 and a CODEN code of APGPAC . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeonto . Pol . It has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number is 0567-7920 . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol . The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , ISSN number is " 0567-7920 " , LCCN number of 60040714 , was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is known as Acta Palaeonto . Pol . Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonic . The abbreviatedform of which is Acta Palaeonto . Po . It has a LCCN number of 60040714 , as well as the CODEN code APGPAC . Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction ( journal ) , known as Addiction , ISSN number of 0965-2140 and LCCN number 93645978 . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell Universit . It is abbreviated to Admi . Sc . . Its ISSN number is " 0001-8392 " and LLCN number is 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell Universit . It has the abbreviation of Admi . Sc . Q , an ISSN number of 001-8392 and LLCN number of 57059226 . Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admin.Sci.Q is a Sage publication for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University , LCCN number 57059226 , ISSN number 0001-8392 . Admi . Sc . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by SAGE Publication . The ISSN number is 0001-8392 and the LCCN number is 57059226 . Located in Ithaca New York , Cornell University is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterl . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and it ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett . Cornell University ( nickname Cornell Big Red ) published Administrative Science Quarterl . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is located in Ithaca , New York . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Adninistrative Science Quarterl . The University is located in Ithaca , New York and has the nickname Cornell Big Red . The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , New Yor . Cornell University ( nicknamed ' Cornell Big Red ' ) is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britai . The book come from the US , where White Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Barack Obama is the leade . It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S , of which Joe Biden is a leader , is written in the same language that is spoken in Great Britain , English . The capital of the United States , which includes many Asian Americans , is Washington D . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US and is written in English . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover ( 320 pages ) . The OCLC and ISBN codes are 78771100 and 0-439-92550-9 , respectively . The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am.J.Math ) is published bi-monthly with its discipline being Mat . It has an ISSN number of 0002-9327 . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Mat . It has the ISSN number " 0002-9327 " and comes under the discipline of Math . American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to A . . Math , is published by the Johns Hopkins University Pres . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press which is located in the United States . English is the language used in both Great Britain and the United States ( where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group ) . The US is where A Loyal Character Dancer was published . The capital of the United States , where A Wizard of Mars was published , is Washington , D. . English is the language of the U.S , and is spoken in Great Britain too . English is the language of the United States and Great Britai . The capital city of the US is Washington DC and it is from the States that A Wizard of Mars originates . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where many Asian Americans liv . The language of the United States and Great Britain is English . A Wizard of Mars was written in the United States where the main language is English ( originated in Great Britain ) . Natives Americans are an ethnic group of the US . HIV is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family and belongs to the Lentivirus genu . The study of it comes under the academic discipline HIV / AID . The journal which is part of this Academic field of study is the AIDS journal . The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshir . A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands , which was then followed by Maiden Castle . John Cowper Powys , author of A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle ( in that order ) , was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . In the United Kingdom , the leader ( Queen ) is Elizabeth II , English is the primary language , and the AIDS journal was also published here by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the AIDS ( journal ) . The journal is published in the UK where David Cameron is the leader . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwe . It originates in the United Kingdom which is lead by David Cameron . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where A Wizard of Mars was publishe . The book was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where A Fortress of Grey Ice is fro . It was published in English , the language that is spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and where A Severed Wasp originated and was written in the English language . Severed Wasp was written in English and is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethic group and where Barack Obama is president . The president of the United States is Barack Obama and is the origin of A Severed Was . A Severed Wasp is written in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) . The leader of the United States is Barack Obama where Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups and A Severed Wasp was written in the English language . Barack Obama was the president of the United State . English is the main language there , but was originated in Great Britai . A Severed Wasp is a book from the US . Some random facts about the United States : The language spoken there is mainly English , Barack Obama was the previous president , and the book A Severed Wasp was written there . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , the leader of this country is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D.C . They have an ethnic group called Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and its capital city is Washington D. . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United State . The leader of the country is known as the President , the capital city is Washington DC and the population includes many Asian Americans . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the leader is known as the President , the capital is Washington D.C. and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is the Presiden . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The United States , where 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written , is lead by President Barack Obam . One of the ethnic groups there are Asian Americans . Maiden Castle ( novel ) was preceded by Weymouth Sand . The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " , preceded By Wolf Solent and was written by John Cowper Powys . Wolf Solent is written by John Cowper Powy . It is followed by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England , with 23 floors , was designed by the architect John Madin and was completed in 1976 . John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row , designed by John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , Englan . It ' s architectural style is Brutalist . John Madin was an architect who was born in Birmingha . He designed 103 Colmore Row , which was completed in 1976 . John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) was the architect of 103 Colmore Ro . Colmore Row , which is a 23 floor building . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin and it is located in Birmingha . It has 23 floors and it was completed in 1976 . The building at 11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 , 5 years after the street itself was build in 197 . It is a 20 floor structure designed by Helmut Jahn . Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street which was designed by the architect Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 with 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which has the capital city of Cape Tow . The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans . One of the ethnic groups of South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma , are the Asian South African . The capital city is Cape Town and 11 Diagonal Street is located within the country . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which is lead by Jacob Zum . The capital city is Cape Town and the coloured people are one of the ethnic groups . 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma; coloured people are a major ethnic group here . Completed in 1985 in the United States , 200 Public Square has 45 floors and floor area of 111484 meters . 200 Public Square , Cleveland , with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres , was completed in 1985 . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and it has a floor count of 4 . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The 45 floor 200 Public Square building is in Cuyahoga County , Cleveland , Ohio in the United States . 200 Public Square is located in Cuyahoga County , Cleveland , Ohio in the United States . Part of the Cuyahoga Country in Ohio if the United States , Cleveland has the leader Frank G Jackson and is the location of the 200 Public square . 200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres and a floor count of 4 . The building is located in Public Square , Cleveland and was completed in 1985 . 20 Fenchurch St. was started in Jan. 2009 and completed in April , 2001 . It has 34 floors and is 62145.3 square meters . 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres , constructionof it began in January 2009 and was completed in April 2014 . 20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34 and is located in London whose leader is Boris Johnson although London is lead via the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street in London was designed by Rafael Vinol . A leader of London is Boris Johnson along with the Parliament of the United Kingdom . The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 , worth 110 million ( dollars ) that has 30843.8 ( square metres ) , and a floor count of 12 . 250 Delaware Avenue construction began in January 2014 in Buffalo , New York with a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a total of 12 floors . 300 North LaSalle , Chicago is 120770.0 square metres , completed in 2009 , and has 60 floors . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois in the U.S. where the English language is spoken . 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , which is a part of Cook County , Illinois , US . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , U. . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois , US . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States , which is the location of 300 North La Salle . 300 North LaSalle is found in Chicag . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , which is located in Illinois State , United States . 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is part of Leinster in the Republic of Irelan . It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . 3Arena is located in Dublin , the Republic of Ireland and it is owned by Live Nation Entertainmen . Dail Eireann is a leader in Dublin . 3Arena , Dublin , Republic of Ireland ( where Dáil Éireann is a leader ) , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark and has the Marriott International as a tenan . The Marriott was founded in Washington D. . German is one language spoken in Denmark . Founded in Washington D.C. , Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is located in Denmark , a country lead by Margrethe II . Marriott International was founded in Washington , D.C by Bill Marriott , it is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . Adare Manor , completed in 1862 by architect Philip Charles Hardwick , is located in Adare , in County Limerick . Adare Manor , designed by architect George Richard Pain , was completed in Adare , County Limerick , in 1862 . Adare Manor , designed by James Pain and completed in 1862 , is located in Adare , County Limerick . Augustus Pugin is the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare in County Limerick . Both Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoken . Addis Ababa is situated in Ethiopia and the language spoken is Amhari . Here you will also find the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall . Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale in the Tudor and Jacabian style . The architecture style of Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and constructed between 1927 and 1931 is Tudor and Jacobean . Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale , designed in the " Tudor Revival " style , began in 1927 and was finished in 1931 . Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale ( designed in Tudor Revival style ) began in 1927 and ended in 1931 . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , a country where Tamil is the language and one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Tamil is the language spoken in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , Also in Sri Lanka is Adisham hall which is located in Haputale . Haputale , Sri Lanka is the location of Adisham Hal . The country ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where the Japanese are the main ethnic grou . The Museum is situated in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan and is part of Akita Prefectur . There are an ethnic group of Koreans in Japan . The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japa . The Koreans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . The country of Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan and was designed by the architect Tadao Ando , . Akita Museum of Art can be found in the Akita Prefecture in the city of Akita in Japan , where the ethnic group is the Filipinos . The Akita Museum of Art is locacted in Akiita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japa . In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people . Alan . Miller Hall , which was completed on 1 June 2009 , is located on 101 Ukrop Wa . The current tenants are The Mason School of Business , which is located in the United States . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan . Miller Hall , in the United States , which was designed in a Georgian style by Robert A. . Stern . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is located in the United State . The architect of the Hall is Robert A M Stern and the building was completed on 1st June 2009 . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hal . The Hall was completed on the 1st June , 2009 and the architect was Robert . . Stern . Alan . Miller Hall , completed on 1st June 2009 , is owned by The College of William and Mary and is situated in 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia . Amdavad ni Gufa is situated in the city of Ahmedabad which is located in the state of Gujarat , Indi . The architect who designed the Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi . The architect B V Doshi designed Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad in India , whose prime minister is Narendra Modi . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujura , which is where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernand . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of the country . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka ( the currency of which is the Ski Lankan rupee ) , the leader of that province is Austin Fernando . Ampara Hospital can be found in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , a country lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital can be found in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , an area with the governing body of the Eastern Provincial Council , and the country is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe . Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lank . Its leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum . San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach . Julia Morgan was born in California , where she designed the Riverside Art Museu . One of the significant buildings that she designed was the Asilomar State Beach , and she has also designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds . Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number " 87000823 " . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , in Pacific Grove , California , and was constructed in 191 . They are an example of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows , and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . Located in Pacific Grove , California , Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 , added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27nd February 1987 and is in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan and were constructed in 190 . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 under reference 80002709 . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which has Manhattan ( with Gale Brewer is its leader ) and Brooklyn as districts within it . Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United States . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , part of Manhattan , in the United State . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , a part of which is Brookly . New York City was part of New Netherland and can be found in the United States . The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , United States . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingha . The postal code of Birmingham is B and the leader is Andrew Mitchell . The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham which is lead by the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The city is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row . The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa ( Ethiopia ) which is also where the Addis Ababa stadium can be foun . The leader of Ethiopa is Hailemariam Desalegn . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopia , where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopi . Hailemariam Desalegn is the ruler , where the language spoken is Amharic . Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia along with Mulatu Teshom . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country in the city of Addis Ababa . T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in Indi . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture . Bill Marriot is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D.C. and is now located in Bethesda Maryland as well as being the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . Mariott International , lead by Bill Marriott and founded in Washington D.C. , is located in Bethesda Maryland and is a key tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Corporation . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny , the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language . Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenn . The language of the republic is English and the native people are known as Irish . In the United States , where both the capital Washington D.C. and 250 Delaware Avenue are located , is the President , Joe Biden . John Roberts is the Chief Justice in America where the leader is known as the President of the United States and the capital is Washington D . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the leader of which was President Barack Obama , a member of the African American ethnic group . Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where the title of the leader is Presiden . The English language is spoken in the US and it is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States ( with an important ethnic group being Asian Americans ) , led by the President of the United States and also with Joe Biden in a leadership role . 250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States which is lead by the Presiden . Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the country . The leader of the United States is Paul Rya . The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama. 205 Delaware Avenue is an address in the United States . The United States is lead by President Barack Obama along with Paul Ryan , and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texa . He was a United States citize . His Alma mater was UT , Austin and he graduated with a B , . In 1955 . American test pilot Alan Bean was part of Apollo 12 and was born in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean is a United States citizen born in Wheeler Texa . He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of the Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean is a retired test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas in 1932-03-1 . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and obtained a B.S. in 195 . He became a test pilot . Alan Bean who was born in Wheeler , Texas joined NASA and was a crew member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin BS in 195 . He was selected as a crew member for the NASA operated Apollo 12 in 1963 . Alan Shepard graduated with an M.A. from NWC in 1957 and later received the Distinguished Service Medal from the U. . Navy , an award that is higher than the Department of Gold Medal , retired on August 1st , 1974 . Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire of the United States ) retired on 1974-08-01 and died in California . Alan Shepard died in California on July 21 , 199 . He was born in New Hampshire On 11-18-1923 . American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire and died in California . Alan Shepard was a national of the United State . He was born in New Hampshire became a test pilot and died in California . Alan Shepard who was selected by NASA in 1959 is sadly now decease . He was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 . Now dead , Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the U. . Navy , an award that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 who died in California which is represented by Dianne Feinstein . American Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 alongside backup pilot Alfred Worden . United States citizen Alan Bean was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew with his backup pilot Alfred Worden . American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 and was part of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge New Jerse . After graduating from MIT ScD in 1963 he became a fighter pilot . Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was part of Apollo 11 as chosen by NASA , and is now retired . Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member for Apollo 11 and is now retired . Buzz Aldrin began work for NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot . Elliot See , born in Dallas , graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and was a test pilo . He died in S . Louis . Elliot See who was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis , attended the University of Texas in Austin and in 1962 was picked by NASA to join the space program . Elliot See who was born in Dallas and died in St Louis , graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 , . Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilo . He is deceased now . Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and died in S . Loui . Francis . Slay of S . Louis competed in the Big 12 Conference at University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . Elliot See , deceased , competed in the Big 12 Conference , and graduated from University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System . Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and competes in the Big 12 Conference under its president Gregory L Fenves . American Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 and died in S . Louis February 28th , 1966 . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , well known for the Purple finch , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) and the higher Department of Commerce Gold Medal . William Anders was a fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 193 . He graduated from AFIT with an M.S. in 1962 . Fighter pilot William Anders , who is now retired , was part of Apollo 8 which included Frank Borman among the crew . William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1033 , was picked by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 8 . William Anders was selected by NASA as a crew member of Apollo 8 in 196 . He was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania of the U.S.A. , is considered a contributing property and was erected in 2000 . Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County , Marylan . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property located at the Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property. . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907-07-11 ) at the Monocacy National Battlefield is categorised as a Historic district in the United States , and was provided by the National Park Service . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on July 11th , 1907 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United State . The National Park Service has responsibility for this monument . Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and north east of Frederick County , Maryland . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , the north of which is which is Cumberland County and to its southeast is Carrol County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvani . This county is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Franklin County to its west , Cumberland County to its north , and Carrol County Maryland to its southeast . The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monumen . Adams County is east of Franklin County and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is in Azerbaijan which has Baku as its capital and has the National Assembly as its legislature . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial ( known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı ) has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Baku , Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Azerbaijan , known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is made from red granite and white marble , is found in Azerbaijan and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. . Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in the count . The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which is categorised as a historic district of the US . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county of Frederick , Maryland ( United States ) , and its nearest city is Frederick , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11 , found in the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United State . Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which has been provided by the National Park Service is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Marylan . It was established on 11 July 1907 . The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monumen . The monument was provided by the National Park Service and established on 11 July 1907 . Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the lira , and the leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoğlu . Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the lira and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoğl . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey . The bronze Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country led by the President of Turkey . Turkey , where the leader is known as President , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmi . The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country with Istanbul as its largest city , and Ahmet Davutoğlu as its leader , the President of Turkey . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , and the leader - the President of Turkey - is called Ahmet Davutoglu . Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Region of Denmark which has the capital city of Copenhagen . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark regio . The capital of the country is Copenhagen . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in Denmar . Tirstrup is part of Central Denmar . The people of that country are Danes . Tirstrup , the location of Aarhus airport , is located in the Central Denmark region which is part of the country of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken . The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region where the Faroese language is spoken . Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstru . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region in Margrethe II led Denmark . Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has an elevation of 25 metres above seal leve . It also has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway name , 10R / 28L . Aktieselskab is the operationg organisation for Aarhus Airport ( runway name of 10R / 28L is 2777.0 meters ) is 25 metres aboce sea level . Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airpor . Abilene resides in the counties of Taylor and Jones within the United States . Abilene Regional Airport is 546 m. above sea level , a runway length of 1121.0 ( 17L / 35R ) and serves Abilene , Texas . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–BarajasAirport is in Alcobendas and is operated by the company ENAIRE , which is located in Madrid , Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located in Alcobendas , is operated by ENAIR . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid in Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is operated by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14L / 32 . The runway length is 3500.0 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIR . It has a runway name of 14R / 32L with a length of 3500 . The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobend . It is run by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14R / 32L It is 3500 meters long . Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is operated by ENAIR . It has a runway with the length of 4 , 349 and 14L / 32R is the runway name . Operated by ENAIRE , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madri . It has a runway name 18L / 36R and a runway length of 3500 . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIR . The runway ( name : 18L / 36R ) has a length of 3 , 500 . Operated by Infraero , and serving the city of Curitiba ( part of the South Region , Brazil ) , Afonso Pena International Airport is located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Curitiba is part of Parana State and is served by Afonsa Pena International airport which is operated by Infraero and located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Curitiba is part of Parana State in the South Region , Brazil and is served by Afonso Pena International airpor . It is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) . Infraero is located in Brasilia and operates Afonso Pena International Airpor . This airport serves Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana . Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais , part of Parana , serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. 11 / 29 is the name given to the runway which is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level . Afonso Pena International airport is in Sao Jose dos Pinhai . It is 911 meters above sea level and its runway ( 11 / 29 ) is 1800 meters long . Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhai . The runway 15 / 33 is 2215.0 in length and has an elevation of 911 meters above sea level . Agra airport has the ICAO location identifier VIAG and is in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh , which is the location of Agra airport at an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level . The IATA I.D for Agra Airport ( India ) is AGR , while the ICAO is VIA . Agra is operated by the Airports Authority of India . Agra airport is located in India , which is owned and operated by the Indian air forc . That is where the the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft is locate . T S Thakur is the leader of India . Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is ni turn part of both Awadh and Bundelkhan . The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport . The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force who operates Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh in Awadh . Agra Airport , is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awad . The Indian Air Force operates the Airport and their transport aircraft is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster lll . Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Agra airport , whose location id is VIAG OR IATA is located in Agr . The Airports Authority of India operates it . The Indian Air Force operate Agra Airport which is in Agr . It has several identifiers such as its ICAO location identifier which is VIAG , or the IATA I.D. which isAGR . Al Taqaddum Air Base located in Habbaniyah , serves the city of Falluja . It is 84.0 metres above sea leve . Its runway is 4 , 019 long . Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase is in Ira . Its runway name is 09L / 27R and its runway length is 3990.0 . The operating organisation of Al Asad airbase in Iraq is the United States Air Forc . The runway length is 3993.88 and has the name 08 / 26 . Al Asad Airbase ( located in Iraq ) is operated by the United States Air Forc . The length of the 08 / 26 runway is 3 , 992.88 . Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq and operated by the United States Air Force.The base ' s runway called 08 / 26 and 3990 meters long . Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located at Al Anbar Province , Ira . The runway name is 09L / 27R and has a length of 3990 . located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq , Al Asad Airbase; has a runway length , 3 , 992.88 , a runway name , 08 / 26 , and is operated by the United States Air Force . The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Forc . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 992.88 and it is called 08 / 26 . The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean wa . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom battle and the Korean Wa . USAF aircraft carry Lockheed AC-130s . The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and among its carriers the Lockheed AC-130 can be foun . The US Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and was involved in the invasion of Panama too . The United States Air Force , who operate Al Asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of Panama and in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedo . They deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers . The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft . The United States Air Force , who operate Al Asad airbase , fought in the Korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers . The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbas . Lockheed AC-130 ' s can be found on US aircraft carrier . Two noteworthy battles fought by the air force are the Invasion of Grenada and The Operation Enduring Freedom . Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain ( led by the Peoples Party ) , part of the Community of Madrid . Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made from asphalt which is 497.0 in length . Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a first runway made of asphalt which is 733.0 in length . Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif.Punjab , a major region , contains Allama Iqbal International Airport within the city of Lahore . Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authorit . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . Found in Punjab , Pakistan , and operated by the The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , is Allama Iqbal International Airpor . This Airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360.12 . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township and serves the city of Alpena , Michiga . Its runway is 2744 m long and is 210 m above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves Alpena Michigan , is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michiga . The Airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is 210 metres above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan and serves Alpena.The airport is situated 210 metres above sea level and has a 1 , 533km long runway . 18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which has a runway length of 2014. . This Airport serves Amsterdam and is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. it serves the city of Amsterdam with a runway length and runway name of 2014.0 meters and 18R / 36L Polderbaan respectively . Andrews County Airport , servicing Andrews , Texas , is 973 below sea level with a runway length of 8 meters . Andrews County Airport located in Texas , and serving the city of Andrews , has a runway length of 896 , and is 973 metres above sea level . Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are called Texans and the state capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austi . Texas is part of the United States and the inhabitants are called Texans . Andrews County Airport is located in Houston , Texas , United State . Houston is the largest city in Texas in which Spanish is the official language . Angola International airport , located in Icolo e Bengo , is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway named " South Runway " , which is 4000.0 in length . With a runway length of 3800.0 , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo which is in the Luanda Province , in Angola . Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angol . It has a runway length of 4000 ft . Angola International airport which has a runway length of 4000 feet is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angola . Angola International airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola , and has the runway name of 05L / 23R . Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish governmen . It serves the city of Antwerp and is located at 12 metres above sea level . Antwerp International Airport , which serves Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level , is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government . Antwerp International airport , operated by Flemish Government and owned by the Flemish Region , has a runway length of 1510.0 and is 12 metres above sea level . Antwerp International Airport , located in the Flemish Region , is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public work . The airport serves the city of Antwerp and is located 12 metres above sea level . Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport which has an elevation of 280 metres above sea leve . It is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and has a runway length of 1982 . Located in Greenville , Wisconsin , Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea leve . It has a runway length of 1 , 982 and 12 / 30 is the runway name . Appleton International Airport , with a runway length of 1 , 982 , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsi . The runway name is 12 / 30 and it is 280 metres above sea level . The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsi . Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsi . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville ( part of Ellington ) , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( part of Grand Chute ) , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , which is part of Ellington , Greenville , and Dale . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton ( part of which is Little Chute ) and is located in Greenville ( part of the town of Menasha ) , Wisconsin . Appleton , Wisconsin is a city served by Appleton International airport in Greenvill . Greenville is part of Menasha ( town ) and Grand Chute , Wisconsin . The surface of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is poaceae and is 34 meters above sea leve . The runway name is 03L / 21R and the length is 518.0 . Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is elevated 34.0 meters above sea level and its 3rd runway is made of poacea . The runway name of the airport is 07 / 25 and it ' s 518.0 meters long . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae ( division of flowering plants ) .Poaceae is placed in the order of Commelinids and classified as Monocotyledon . The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand is made of a flowering plant called Poaceae ( Poales , Commelinids ) . Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poacea . The runway name is 03L / 21R and is 1411.0 in length . Ardmore Airport , at 34 metres above sea level , is in New Zealand and has a runway name of 03R / 21L with a length of 1411 and a surface type of poaceae . The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called " 03R / 21L " . It is 1411 in length and 34 meters above sea leve . The third runway there is made of Poaceae . Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 meters above sea leve . Its 3rd runway has the surface type of poaceae and is 597.0 in length with the name 03L / 21R . Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , it ' s runway is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900.0 . Turkmenistan airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0 metres . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airline . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the headquarters of which are in Ashgabat , in Turkmenista . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport . Athens International airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Located in Spata , and serving the city of Athens , Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0 . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , United States and is 23 metres above sea level . The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International airpor . The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea leve . The runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 3048.0 . Antwerp International Airport covers the city of Antwer . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgiu . A leader there is Charles Michel and Dutch is the language spoken there . Antwerp is in Belgium and is served by Antwerp International airpor . The country is lead by Charles Michel and the spoken language is French . Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgiu . Where the Dutch is the language and the is Philippe of Belgium . ENAIRE is located in Madrid , which , in turn , is a city in Spain.It operates Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes . ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport , which is located in San Sebastian de los Reye . ENAIRE is located in Madrid , Spain . Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey based in New York . Located in New Jersey , in the United States , is Egg Harbor Township where the Atlantic City International Airport i . This airport has a runway length of 1873.0 metres . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand which is oprated by Indian Air Force who uses Hal Light Combat Helicopers . Afonso Pena International Airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway 1800 meters lon . It is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia . Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Ira . Fuad Masum leads that country where Arabic is the spoken language . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Ira . Two leaders of Iraq are Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum . Lahore is a city in Pakista . The city of Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakista . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan . Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid . Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan which is where the city of Lahore i . This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where the the city of Lahore is . This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore . Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif . Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan , where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif . Located in Shehbaz Sharif led , Pakistan , the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab , Pakistan . Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan , where the Allama Iqbal International airport is located and serves the city of Lahore . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , in Spai . The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes and area considered to be part of the Community of Madrid . The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes ( Spain ) which is part of the Community of Madrid and is where Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found . Lake Placid , New York , and Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown in New York , United States are served by Adirondack Regional airport . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake ( Harrietsown ) and Lake Placid , both in New York , United States . Lake Placid , ew York and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional airport . Saranac Lake , which is served by Adirondack Regional Airport , is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York , US . Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake , New Yor . It is part of Harrietstow , Essex County in the United States . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia , Alb . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " and its nickname is " Uab " . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ' s latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . It ' s nickname is Uab and is located in Alba lulia , Alba . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( of the city of Alba Iulia in the state of Alba ) , has the nickname Uab and the Latin name Universitas Apulensis . The Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Romania has the latin name of Universitas Apulensi . It ' s rector is Breaz Valer Daniel . Mahe , India is northwest of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is situated in the city of Kuttikkattoor . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 is locate . The Accademia has 600 students . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 student . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of the country and the legislature comes under the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and its neighbouring municipality is Merid . Switzerland ' s leader is called Johann Schneider-Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland which is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann who has the title Federal Chancellor of Switzerlan . The country is governed through a Federal Assembly . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students along with an academic staff of 100 . The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Bott . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it ' s campus can be found in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technology University , Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has 700 postgraduate students . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , Indi . The director of the institute is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 56009 . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai , Bangalor . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussel . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University ( in Denmark ) is affiliated to the European University Association ( HQ in Brussels ) . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark , the country whose leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( he has the title Monarchy of Denmark ) . The Church of Denmark is the main religion of the country . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmar . The country is led by its Monarch , Lars Løkke Rasmussen and residents follow the Church of Denmark . AWH Engineering College ( India ) has an academic staff of 25 . The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country ' s rivers is the Ganges . AWH Engineering College ( India ) has 250 academic staff and was established in 200 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai . Romania ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis , its capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te , Romane. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads the country of Romania which has " Desteapta-te , romane! " as its national anthem and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , which has as its capital city Buchares . The title of the leader of the country is The Prime Minister of Romania and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Germans of Romania . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romani . The capital of the country is Bucharest , it ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff compliment of 737 and was established in 192 . It is affilaited with the European University Association , located in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 and is located in the city of Aarhu . It has an affiliation with European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , which has to its northeast Mol . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which had its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences ( Aarhus , Denmark ) is affiliated with the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( established 1928 in the city of Aarhus ) is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmar . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at theAarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated to the European University Association . The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India and it has 700 postgraduate student . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgau . It ' s director is D . . . Prabhukumar . The Acharya Institute of Technology campus has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgau . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgau . The Institute offers tennis , a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , Spai . It contains bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . Ajoblanco originates from the Aldalusian region of Spain and contains bread among its ingredient . Ajo blanco is an alternative written name of the food . The garlicy dish Ajoblanco ( also known as Ajo blanco ) is from the Andalusia region of Spain . Ajo blanco is the alternative name of ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region of Spain and has garlic as an ingredient . Ajoblanco , from the Andalusia region in Spain , has almond as one of its ingredient . Ajo blanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco . Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusian region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader.The country ' s main ethnic group are the Spaniards . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain where Susana Diaz is the leade . The Spaniards are an ethnic group in the country . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , Spai . It includes garli . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia . Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauc . It comes from Lazio in Italy . Arem-arem is from Indonesia , but more specific to Java and the ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java , and consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem which is also of Javanese cuisin . Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken . Arem-arem , which is a dish of Javanese cuisine , originates from Indonesi . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian . Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , and is more specific to Jav . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders of Indonesia . Arem arem , a variation of Lemper , comes from Indonesia and it ' s ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arem arem comes from Indonesia , it is a main course dish and includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of the Italians and the capital city is Rome . Rome is the capital city of the country of Italy , where the language is Italian , the leader is Pietro Grasso and arrabbiata sauce can be found . Arrabbiata sauce comes from the Rome region of Italy.Its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division , and belonging to the order of Solanales , in the family of Solanaceae . Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil and is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain , Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spai . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spai . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , and cubanelle pepper . It is a traditional dish from Spain and cones from the region of the Valencian community . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle pepper . The dish comes from the region of the Valencian Community of Spain . Arròs negre originates from the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . Arròs negre comes from the Valencian Community region of Spain , the country where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are the ethnic group . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , which leader is Ximo Puig , and is a traditional dish from Spain , where Felipe VI rules . Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spai . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI . Asam pedas is found in Malaysia ( Malaysian Chinese ) and Sumatra ( ethnic Malays ) . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which has Malaysian Chinese and Malay ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a dish also from Sumatra . Asam pedas , found in Malaysia , originates from Sumatr . Two ethnic groups found in Malaysia are the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese . Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysi . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are found in Sumatra . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatr . Malays are an ethnic group there . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet and originates from Singapore.It can also be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found all over Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapor . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal . Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Jav . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java . Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish popular in Malasia; the dish originates from the Java region , where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesi . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet hails from Indonesia and Singapor . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and Singapor . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal . Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdo . A variation of a bacon sandwich or a club sandwich is the BLT and contains lettuce . The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , it is a main course which includes bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion comes from the United State . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage . The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon and sausage , it hails from the USA . Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , and the capital of the US is Washington D. . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . The US is also the country of the Bacon Explosion . The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United State . A political leader there is Paul Ryan , the capital is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama was once leade . The capital is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one ethnic group . The bacon explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leade . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the White Americans are an ethnic group . Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S. , its capital city being Washington D.C.;Paul Ryan is a leader and one of its ethnic groups are African Americans . The Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Paul Ryan is a politician and Native Americans are one ethnic grou . The capital of the country is Washington D.C . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausag . It hails from Kansas City . London is the capital of the UK and the bacon sandwiches are popular nationwide.BLT is a variation of club sandwiches . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where English is the language spoke . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which itself is a variation on the club sandwich . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where bacon sandwiches ( a variation of a BLT or club sandwich ) are popular . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and one of the variations is BLT and condiments are one of the ingredient . The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as BLT , are popular in the U . Condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich , which sometimes contains ketchup and is a variation of the BL . Other names for the bacon sandwich include : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauc . It ' s various names include Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.The sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Baked Alaska comes from New York and also from France where the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert , as is Baked Alask . Baked Alaska comes from France , where Gerard Larcher is a leader . Sandesh is a dessert , along with Baked Alaska , which comes from France , where the leader is Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska is a dessert originates from France and the country ' s leader is Manuel Vall . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska can be served as a desser . The latter dish comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader . Baked Alaska , from France , is a desser . Cookies are desserts als . French is spoken in France . Baked Alaska is a type of dessert from France , a country where Manuel Valls is a leade . Cookies are also a type of dessert . Two types of dessert are cookies and Baked Alask . The latter is a dish from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Sanesh is a dessert , as is Baked Alaska , which can be found in the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group . The dessert Baked Alaska , thought to have originated in the United States , France or China , include the ingredients meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . The dish is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska , which can be found in Hong Kong , New York and Paris and is said to have originated in France , the United States or China . Baked Alaska ( New York and France ) contains : sponge cake , ( aka Christmas Pudding ) , meringue and ice cream . Hong Kong , China , New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is foun . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . The bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . Bakewell pudding , a dessert , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in the Derbyshire Dale . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region , which is part of Derbyshir . Bakewell tart is it ' s variant , but has Frangipane as an ingredient . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and can be served either warm or col . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . The frangipane-based dessert Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leade . Bakewell tart is a variation of the dessert and one of its ingredients is frangipane . Bakewell tart is made from shortcrust pastry and is a variation of Bakewell puddin . Both are from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countrie . The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . Bakso is a food found in Indonesi . It includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Chinese and Indonesian dish Bakso contains : ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Found in , and from , Indonesia is the dish Baks . The main ingredients of which are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Columbi . It includes Avocado , part of the Lauraceae family . Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa regio . The main ingredients are avocado , red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce . Bandeja paisa , a dish containing ground meat , is part of Columbian cuisine and from the Paisa regio . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa regio . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , and hogao sauce , . Antioquia Department , Colombia , is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes fro . It includes lemon ( from the Citrus genus ) . Lemon ( of the Citrus genus ) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which hails from Antioquia Department in Colombia . Lemons ( part of the rutaceae family. ) are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department in Columbia . Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and it is typical Colombian cuisin . Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja pais . Lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . Barny cakes can be found in France , where French is spoken and Manual Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders . Barny cakes can be found in France where the language is French and leaders include Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande . Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and leaders include Gérard Larcher and Manual Valls . Barny cakes , made with apple , contain 1.8g of protein , 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8 g of fat . Barny Cakes can include milk and contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8g of fat and 18.0g of carbohydrates . Strawberries can be added to barny cakes that contain 1.8 g of protein , 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs . Barny Cakes can include straweberries and contain 1.8 g of protein , 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8g fat . Batagor is found in Indonesia , it is a variation on the dish Siomay / Shumai and includes peanut sauce . Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia , it includes peanut sauc . Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish . Batagor , a variation of Shumai , comes from the country of Indonesia , it consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor , which is a variation of Shumai , is found in Indonesi . The main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Batagor comes from the country of Indonesi . It is made using fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and should be served " hot " . Batagor , a variation of Shumai ( a variation of Siomay ) , contains peanut sauce and is from Indonesia . Batagor is a variant of Shumai and Siomay , an Indonesian dish containing peanut sauce . Shumai is a variation of Siomay and they are both types of the same dis . Batagor is found in Indonesia and has peanut sauce as an ingredient . Batagor comes from the country of Indonesi . Siomay is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake among its ingredients . Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines and is made of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy , from La Paz , Iloilo City , is eaten in the Philippines and the ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy originated fron the region of La Paz , Iloilo City and also comes from the Philippine . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Standard Chinese is the language spoken in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leade . The popular dish of beef kway teow from Indonesia is eaten in the country . Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapor . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . The Indonesian dish Beef kway teow is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesi . Its ingredients include kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are , Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil is also an ingredient , the dish is very popular in Indonesia . Beef Kway teow is from Indonesia , it is popular in Singapore and Indonesi . Beef Kway Teow is made from beef tender loin , gula Melaka , Sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia.The food ' s main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and Singapore , the latter where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of Indi . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . The Indian rupee is the currency in India , where Bhajji is a traditional dish and Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders . Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupe . T. . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India . Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either Sumitra Mahajan and / or T. . Thakur . Bhajji , otherwise known as Bhaji or bajji , comes from the Karnataka regio . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . A cookie is a dessert and so is binignit , a dish from the Philippines , where Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups . Binignit , from the Philippines , and sandesh , are desserts; the Philippines is also home to the Igorot people . Bingignit is a dessert , whose ingredients include banana and sweet potat . Sandesh is a nice confectionary dessert . Sandesh and Binignit are both dessert . Binignit contains sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales plant order . Sandesh is a dessert confectio . Binignit is a dessert that includes sweet potato ( a member of the Solanales order ) . Sweet potato and coconut milk are ingredients in the dish binignit , which comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Binignit , which contains sweet potato and coconut milk , is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines and it contains sweet potato and taro . Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plant . It is an ingredient in Binignit along with banana . Binignit comes from the Mindanao region and can be found in the Philippine . A main ingredient is sago and it also contains banana . Binignit is a desser . Its main ingredient is sweet potato and it also contains banan . Sandesh ( confectionery ) can also be served as dessert . One of the main ingredients of Binignit , along with Banana , is the sweet potato which belongs to the group of flowering plants ( Solanales ) . Binignit includes the ingredients of sago and sweet potato , the latter of which is part of the order Solanales and is a flowering plant . Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato ( a flowering plant of the order Solanales ) and taro . Binignit ' s main ingredients are sweet potatoes which belongs to flowering plants and the Solanales order.The dish also contains Taro . Binignit contains sago but has taro as the main ingredien . It comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Bionico originates from Guadalajara in Mexico.It is a dessert and requires granola as one of its ingredients . The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisin . The dish originates from the Jalisco region Of Mexico . Bionico is a dish served as a dessert and is found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leade . A variation on dessert is cake . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a variation of the dish includes cottage cheese . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Sandesh is another dessert . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexic . The leader of the country is Silvano Aureoles Conej . Sandesh is also a dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Bionico are served as a dessert cours . The latter dish is found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico , a dessert , can utilize cottage chees . It is found in Mexico , led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemon . The country ' s head of state is Spain is Felipe VI . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Bakso comes fro . Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso is food found in Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader , and Jakarta is the capital . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoke . Bakso is a food which originates in the country and is still found there . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Ital . The country where Rome is the capital , the language is Italian and Laura Boldrini is the leader . Italy has the capital city of Rome , the leader called Laura Boldrini , the Italian language and the sauce called amitriciana . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauc . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , the capital is Rome and not surprisingly they speak Italian . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . The capital city of Italy is Rom . Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are both leaders of the country which is where Amatriciana sauce comes from . Ayam penyet comes from Singapore and Jav . English is spoken in Singapor . Baduy are an ethnic group living in Java . The Banyumasan are an ethnic group from Java which has ayam penyet as one of its food . Ayam penyet is a food dish from Singapore where English is also spoken . The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found nationwide in Java ( country of the Javenese ) and also in Malaysia and Singapore . Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore and Jav . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java where the fried chicken dish ayam penyet that originated in Singapore can be found . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java where the dish Ayam penyet is foun . It originates from the region of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken . Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where English is the spoken languag . It can be found in Java also where Javanese people are an ethnic group . Batchoy come from the Philippines , a country where one of the languages spoken is Arabi . Also where two of the ethnic groups are , the llocano people and the Zamboangans . Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Chinese Filipino are also an ethnic group in the Philippines , the language in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish , Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines . Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten and the language spoken is Philippine Spanish . The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippine . The country uses the Arabic language and is where batchoy is eaten . Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , where many people live in like Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino peopl . One of the languages in Philippines is Arabic . The Igorot people and the Chinese Filipinos are both ethnic groups in the Philippines where the spoken language is Spanis . The country is the origin of the dish known as Batchoy . Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia but originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader and the spoken language is English . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , country of Spaniards and the Spanish languag . The leader is Felipe VI . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain ( country of Spaniards ) . It used the Euro as currency and the leader is Felipe VI . Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and the family of solanacea . It ' s an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania , USA; the monument was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property and is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( location Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States ) was completed in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing propert . To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County , also Pennsylvania and to the southeast lies Carroll County , Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United State . Adams County has to its west Franklin County and to its north Cumberland County , both also of Pennsylvani . To the southwest of Adams County lies Frederick County and to the southeast Carroll County , both of Maryland . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . It is categorised as a contributing property and it was established in 200 . Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvani . With Franklin County to the west , Cumberland County to the north and Frederick County to the southwest , Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvani . Franklin County in the state is found to the west , and Cumberland County to the nort . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast of Adams County . July 27 , 1932 is an important date for Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and currency is the Turkish lira; because on this date the Ataturk Monument , made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica was inaugurated . The Ataturk Monument , made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in Izmir , Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira and the largest City is Istanbul; the monument was inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 . The Baku Turkish Maryrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It is located in Azerbaija . The capital of Azeribaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizad . Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its president - or official leader - is called Artur Rasizad . The legislature of Azerbaijan is known as the National Assembl . The country is the location for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner were the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan , dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Bak . The Prime Minister , Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where Baku is the capital city . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Bak . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and it is located in Azerbaija . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , also known by the native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is located in Azerbaija . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is constructed from red granite and white marbl . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan . England is the home of the Cornish language , many ethnic groups including the British Arabs and the established religion of The Church of Englan . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack , a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , but the largest city is Istanbul; the currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira and in Izmir , Turkey the Ataturk Monument stands , inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 . Ankara is the capital of Turkey , The country ' s leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu and it is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . President Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leade . The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located . US national Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas on March 15th 193 . After being awarded a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas , Austin in 1955 , he became a test pilot for NASA and enjoyed 100305.0 minutes in space . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on march 15 , 1932 , and is America . He was a test pilot and worked for NASA in 196 . He is now retired . Alan Bean was a United States test pilot and member of Apollo 1 . He was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired . Alan Bean , an American was born in Wheeler Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS . He was a test pilot and a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texa . He graduated from UT Austin with a BS in 1955 and was chosen by NASA in 196 . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 , graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 , retired on 1st August 1974 and died in Californi . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by The United States Navy . Alan Shepard was born 1923-11-18 in New Hampshir . He died on 1998-07-21 in Californi . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with M.A. and was chosen by NASA in 1959 . Alan Shepard ( American nationality ) was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshir . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . He was a test pilot and died in California . Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire graduated with an MA from NWC in 195 . He then went on to become a member of Apollo 14 ' s crew before retiring in 197 . Alan Shepard died in California . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 192 . He graduated in 1957 with an MA from NWC and later went on to become a crew member for the Apollo 14 missio . Alan Shepard later died in California . Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the U. . Navy , an award that ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . Shepard was born in New Hampshire , graduated from N.W.C. with an M.A. in 1957 and in 1974 on August 1st , he retired . Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . He graduated with an M.A. from NWC in 195 . The United States Navy awarded Shepard the Distinguished Service Meda . The precedence of the Navy ' s Distinguished Service Medal is above that of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 195 . He served as a crew member of Apollo1 . He was awarded the United States Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Meda . He died in California . Alan Shepard was born i New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 192 . He graduated with a M.A. from NWC in 1957 , and became a test pilo . He passed away in California . Alan Shepard , who was hired by NASA in 1959 , was born in New Hampshire and died in Californi . The U. . Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , a medal that is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Bean joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 12 mission along with Alfred Worden as back up pilot and David Scott as commander . Alan Bean was an American astronaut selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member for the Apollo 12 missio . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott , and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot . Alan Bean is a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texa . He was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew , which was commanded by David Scot . Alfred Worden was an Apollo 12 backup pilot . The NASA-operated Apollo 8 mission was commanded by Frank Borma . Its crew included the British Hong Kong-born American , William Ander . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot for the mission . Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20th , 1930 and his full name is Edwin . Aldrin J . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 1 . He is now retired . Edwin E.Aldrin Jr. otherwise know as Buzz Aldrin was born in 1930 and graduated in 1963 from MI . He then went on to become a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired . Buzz Aldrin ( born January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) , was hired by NASA in 196 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired . Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He Joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired . American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 , in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . He would serve as a crew member aboard NASA ' s Apollo 11 program . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United State . He went to work for NASA in 196 . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Scienc . He was a member of Apollo 11 which was organized by NASA . American Buzz Aldrin was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission which had William Anders as its backup pilo . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New jersey which is in Essex County . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jerse . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and its backup pilot was William Ander . Buzz Aldrin ' s nationality is American , and the country ' s leader was called Joe Biden . Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge in New Jersey which is situated in the Essex Count . Buzz Aldrin became a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew along with William Anders as backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 196 . He performed as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew , operated by NAS . He is now retired . Buzz Aldrin was born Jan 20 , 193 . He was a member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA , where William Anders was a backup pilo . Aldren served as a fighter pilot and is now retired . Elliot See ( 23rd July 1927 - 28th February 1966 ) was born in Dalla . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austi . He was a test pilot and died in St Louis . Elliot See was an American test pilo . He attended the University of Texas at Austin before joining NASA in 196 . See died in S . Louis , on February 28 , 1966 . United States national Elliot See was a student of University of Texas at Austin before he was chosen by NASA in 1962 and became a test pilo . He passed away in S . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 . Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and was later chosen to serve as a test pilo . He passed away in S . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 . Elliot See was an American who studied at the University of Texas in Austin and was selected by NASA in 196 . He was born in Dallas and died in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texa . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conferenc . Gregory . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texa . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , where Gregory . Fenvas was appointed as the presiden . They will be competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas in Austin , which is linked to the university of texas syste . The school is part of the Big 12 conferenc . He passed away on Feb 28 , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 192 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was a test pilot who was a student at the University of Texas in Austin , a school that competes in the Big 12 Conferenc . The school is affiliated with the university of Texas system and See died on February 28th , 1966 in S . Louis . Elliot See attended UT at Austi . UT at Austin is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 2 Conferenc . Its mascot is the Hook ' e . See died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor . Elliot See died in St Louis , whose Mayor is Francis G Slay , and graduated from the University of Texas at Austi . It is affiliated to the University Of Texas system , will compete in the Big 12 Conference and its mascot is the The Hook ' em . Elliot See was a student of the University of Texas in Austin , the same school that has Gregory . Fenves as its president , is affiliated with the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conferenc . See died in S . Louis which was once part of the Kingdom of France . Elliot See served as a test pilot , joining NASA in 196 . Born on 07 / 23 / 1927 , he lived only until 02 / 28 / 1966 , when he died in S . Louis . The Apollo 8 is operated by Nasa , its commander was Frank Borman , its backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and it was crewed by William Ander . William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and retired Sept 1st 1969 . In 1962 , William Anders graduated with a M.S. from his alma Mater , AFI . He became a crew member on Apollo 8 , a NASA operated missio . His commander on Apollo 8 was Frank Borman , and the mission ' s backup pilot was Buzz Aldri . William Anders retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . William Anders was born in Hong Kong on October 17th 193 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on Apollo 8 before he retired in 1969 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kon . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS and was chosen by NASA in 196 . He was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on Apollo . Anders retired in 1969 . William Anders is a fighter pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member aboard the Apollo . Frank Borman commanded the missio . Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot . William Anders joined Nasa in 1963 as a test pilo . He then went on to become a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as commander . William Anders joined NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilo . He was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew where Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot and Frank Borman a crew member . Despite being born in British Hong Kong , Williams Anders was a United States nationa . His birth date is October 17th , 193 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA and served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 8 . The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India currently has 250 staf . Kerala ' s leader is named Kochi and a famous river in the country is the Ganges . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , Indi . It has 250 academic staf . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest and its leader is Kochi . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . Its dean is Mario Bott . Switzerland ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , ( dean Mario Botta ) , based in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 199 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 199 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 student . Its dean is Mario Bott . The leader of Switzerland in Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 student . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 10 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 199 . Switzerland ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm , and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka in India is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technolog . The President of the Institute which was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University is B M Reddy . The Acharya Institue of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Karnataka , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It was established in 200 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , Indi . It was established in 2000; its directore is D . . . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore , Indi . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in the year 2000 and has 700 postgraduate student . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology ( motto Nurturing Excellence ) is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka Indi . The institute ' s president is B. . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological Universit . The campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The Acharya Institute of Technology , located in Bangalore , offers Tennis as a sport , which is governed by the International Tennis Federatio . This Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association ( which has its HQ in Brussels ) . Aarhus has a magistrate governmen . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India currently has 250 staf . The country ' s largest city is Mumbai and a it ' s most famous river is the Ganges . The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , Indi . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwes . The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romani . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis , and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The Germans of Romania are the ethnic group of the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannisas and has Bucharest as its capital. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also in Romania and the country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române . Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country Denmar . It has 16000 students and 737 members of staf . The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 192 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country of Denmark and currently has Thomas Pallesen as dea . The school has strong affiliations with the European University Association which is based in Brussels . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 192 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 student . Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya D . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 , Undi . Its director is Dr G. . Prabhukuma . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253-7 and the authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , which was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in print form . 978-1-4165-4253-7 is the ISBN number of " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis " which was authored by Eric Flint . 1634 The Bavarian Crisis comes in hardcover and was written by Eric Flint . ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Eric Flint , is available in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was the follow-up to 1634 : The Baltic War . The 1634 hardcover publication of The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarco and Eric Flint . Virginia DeMarce is the author of " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " available in hardcover . 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is preceded The Grantville Gazettes . 1634 : The Galileo Affair and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion were both written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . The book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " by Eric Flint has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 . Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , currently in print . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint , is preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California , he is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint , author of ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' , was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Tran . In . Syst and has the ISSN number 1558-2868 . The abbreviation " ACM Tran . In . Syst. " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . The Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on information systems and is headquartered in New York City . The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS , and it has the ISSN number 0269-9370 . The discipline of the AIDS Journal , ISSN number 0269-9370 , is HIV / AIDS . With an ISSN number of 1473-5571 , AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline HIV . The AIDS journal , first published in 1987 , comes under the academic discipline HIV . AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv. , covers the discipline of physics . Editor of AIP Advances , A T Charlie Johnson , has Stanford University for an almaMater . The editor of AIP Advances is A. . Charlie Johnson , an alumnus of Stanford University . A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances and resides in the United States . The author of the book A fortress of Grey Ice is J. . Jones and this book has the OCLC number 51969173 . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , which counts Native Americans among its ethnic groups . A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 and OCLC number 76798317 . A Glastonbury Romance which has the OCLC number76798317 , is available in hardcover . A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 . A Glastonbury Romance which was preceded by Wolf Solent , was written by John Cowper Powys . A Glastonbury Romance is published by The Bodley Head which was founded by Charles Elkin Mathews . Founded by Charles Elkin Mathews , The Bodley Head published ' A Glastonbuy Romance ' . The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 , which is available in hardcover . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where the ethnic group is white . A Long Long Way was written in Ireland where the ethnic group is White people . A Long Long Way is written in the English language , which is spoken in Great Britain . A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and was published in Print & Paperback . The book , " A Long , Long Way , " published by Viking Press , was followed by " The Secret Scripture. " . The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 which has 360 pages . A Loyal Character , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has ISBN : 1-56947-301-3 . The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer penned by Qiu Xiaolong is 49805501 . A Loyal Character Dancer can be found in hardcover and was penned by Qiu Xiaolong . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Barack Obama is the president . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the leader is known as the President . A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , is published in the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States and is written in English . A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 and is a hardcover book . A Severed Wasp , published in hardback , has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 . Madeleine L ' Engle who is influenced by George Macdonald wrote " A Severed Wasp " . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . A Severed Wasp , published in the United States is in the English language . A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0-374-26131-8 " and has 388 pages . The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print and has 388 pages . A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux , a subsidiary of Macmillan Publishers . Native Americans are an ethnic group located in the US where A Wizard of Mars originates from . A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and the author was Diane Duane . Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , ISSN 0025-5858 can be shortened to Ab . Mat . Semi . Uni . Hambg . Above the Veil , by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover . Above the Veil , ISBN number 0-439-17685-9 , is 248 pages long . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol. ) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , whose abbreviated name is Acta Palaeonto . Pol. , is academically focused on Paleontology . The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeonto . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences which serves Poland . Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction , and addiction is also its subject . Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell , whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons . John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell , which is the publisher of the journal Addiction . Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University , located in ithaca NY , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University , with president Elizabeth Garrett , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . Aenir which is available in paperback was written by author Garth Nix . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which was written by Australians . Aenir with ISBN " 0-439-17684-0 " was produced in print . Aenir is 233 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 . Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian is produced in print with OCLC number 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by the book Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones written by Brandon Sanderson . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States and written in English . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print , with the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and the OCLC number 78771100 . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover which is 320 pages long . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print which is 320 pages long . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics which has the EISSN number 1080 . The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to A . . Math ) has ISSN number 1080-6377 . A . . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics which was first published in 1878 . The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math . The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to A . . Math. and has the impact factor of 1.337 . The American Journal of Mathematics is also known by the abbreviated title of A . . Math and has an impact factor of 1.337 . The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States . The novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture published by Faber and Faber . " The Secret Scriptures , " published by Faber and Faber , followed " A Long , Long Way. " . AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the language spoken is English . The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom where the English language is spoken . English is the main language spoken in the United State . This country is home to the Severed Wasp . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the language . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the language is English . A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the official language is English . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the English language is spoken . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is President . A Severed Wasp is from the United State where Barack Obama is president . A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is President . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , whose leader is called the President . The head of state of the United States is known as the Presiden . This country is home to the Severed Wasp . A Severed Wasp is from the United States , whose leader is the President . The book ' A Long Long Way ' was published by Viking Press which is in the United States . ' A Glastonbury Romance ' was followed by ' Weymouth Sands ' , the sequel to which was ' Maiden Castle ' . A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle . Architect John Madin , designed 103 Colmore Row , located on Colmore Row , in Birmingham , England . Architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , located at Colmore Row . 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose hometown was Birmingham . Number 103 in Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . 103 Colmore Row with 23 floors , is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . 103 Colmore Row , designed by the architect John Madin is located in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and was designed by the architect John Madin . 103 Colmore Row , with 23 floors , is located in Birmingham . 103 Colmore Row , located in Birmingham has 23 floors . 108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and cost 120 million Australian dollars . 11 Diagonal Street , which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited , has 20 floors . 11 Diagonal Street is found in South Africa where one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans . The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the country that has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders . 200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , has a floor count of 45 . 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors . 200 Public Square , which has a floor count of 45 , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 . 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland whose governing body is Cleveland City Council . 200 Public square is in Cleveland which is lead by Frank G Jackson . 200 Public Square is located at Public Square , Cleveland and has a floor count of 45 . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , where Queen Elizabeth II reigns . 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30853.8 square metres and has 12 floors . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , and it has the Postmodern style of architecture . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres . 250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , with a floor count of 12 . 250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , which is lead by Byron Brown . 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and is located in the United States . Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is part of Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Susana Mendoza is a leader . 300 North LaSalle , Illinois , was completed in 2009 . 300 North Lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in Illinois . 300 North LaSalle is in Illinois , United States . Completed in 1929 , 320 South Boston Building has 22 floors . The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121.92 metres and has 22 floors . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , and it was completed in December 2008 . 3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , was completed in December 2008 . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , which is located at the North Wall Quay . HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at " North Wall Quay " . 3Arena at North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 3Arena , in Dublin , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . The 3Arena ( located in Dublin ) is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . The 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors . Marriott International rents the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark . James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of the Adare Manor , completed in 1862 . The architect of Adare Manor , completed in 1862 , was Augustus Pugin . The architect of Adare Manor was Augustus Pugin and the building was completed in 1862 . Augustus Pugin born in Bloomsbury , is the creator of Adare Manor . The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin , who also designed the Palace Of Westminster . The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862 . The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick and the building was completed in 1862 . Enda Kenny is the leader of the Rebulic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located . Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located . Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located . Akita Museum of Art located in Akita Prefecture is found in Japan . The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and 3746.66 square metres of floor area . Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture . Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia is owned by The College of William and Mary . Alan B Miller Hall , which is owned by The College of William and Mary , is located in Virginia . The College of William and Mary owns the Alan . Miller Hall and the Chancellor of the College is Robert Gates . Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which owns Alan . Miller Hall . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Alfred Giles from England was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House . The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is on U. . Route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texas . The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who also designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco . Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , and also designed Asilomar Conference Grounds . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and has the architectural style of American Craftsman . Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd. , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1913 . The Asser Levy Public Baths ( constructed in 1904 ) is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . Asser Levy Public Baths , which were constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan whose leader is Gale Brewer . Asser Levy Public Baths ( constructed in 1904 ) are located in New York City . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is New York City . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which Manhattan is a part of . New York City , part of New York , has the Asser Levy Public Baths . Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which is part of New York . The location of Asser Levy Public Baths are New York City , New York State . The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia , the country which has Mulatu Teshome as one of its leaders . T S Thakur is the leader of India; also the location of Amdavad ni Gufa . Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and was founded in Washington , D.C . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak the English language . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which is led by Joe Biden . Joe Biden is a leader of the United States , which is also the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . The manager of . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for FK Austria Wien . . FC Köln has 50000 members and were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season . 3 Liga league team 1FC Magdeburg has 27250 members . Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig . 1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season , the team has 27250 members . A > C Cesena ground is in Cesena , the team is in the Serie B league . A. . Cesena , in the Serie B league , ground is in Cesena . AC Cesena , whose ground is in Cesena , has 23900 members . A. . Cesena has 23900 members , and its ground is located in Italy . Founded in Italy , A. . Cesena has 23900 members . A. . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they have 23900 members . AC Cesena , who are in the Serie B league , have their grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi . Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . Massimo Drago manages A. . Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . A.C.Chievo Verona has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc Anthonio Bentegodi . A. . Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona and has 39371 members . A. . Chievo Verona is in the league , Serie A and play in Verona . Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania , and has also managed AC Chievo Verona . Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who worked at FC Bari 1908 . The manager of A. . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who has worked at FC Bari 1908 . The fullname of A. . Lumezzane , which has 4150 members , is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA . Michele Marcolini ' s club is A.C > Chievo Verona and he manages the A. . Lumezzane . Michele Marcolini has been associated with F. . Bari 1908 and is now the manager of A. . Lumezzane . With 10000 members , AD Isidro Metapán ' s grounds are located in Metapán , El Salvador . A. . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and they have 10000 members . A. . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán and the club has 10000 members . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F.C. club . Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A. . Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis . The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in season 2015 . A. . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and they were in the 2014 season . A.E Dimitia Efxeinoupolis participated in the 2014 seaso . It has 1500 members . AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and its grounds are called Jepson Way . A.F. . Blackpool , is in Blackpool , and play in the English Football League . Stuart Parker , who once managed AFC Blackpool , plays for Blackpool F.C . The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club and has been manager at AFC Blackpool . The manager of A.F. . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who was at Drogheda United FC . A.F. . Fylde are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire and has 3180 members . AFC Fylde ' s ground is located in Warton , Fylde and they have 3180 members . A.F. . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is Warton Fylde . Dave Challinor , who played football for Bury FC. , is the manager of AFC Fylde . Dave Challinor manages A.F. . Fylde and also plays for Colwyn Bay F.C . A. . Gubbio 1910 has a ground in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party . A. . Gubbio 1910 in Italy has 5300 members . The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has the capacity for a crowd of 5300 . The A. . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D whose champions include S S Robur Siena . A. . Gubbio has 5300 members and played in 2014 . AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season , they have 5300 members . A. . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 menbers and was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season . Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio , this club playing in Serie B . Based in Livorno , Italy , A. . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members . AS Livorno club plays in Serie B and their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi . A. . Livorno Calcio ( home ground Stadio Armando Picchi ) has 19 , 238 members . A. . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC . AS Roma play in the Serie A league and have a ground in Rome . The manager , of ACF Fiorentina , is Paulo Sousa , who plays for the Portugal national football team . Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football team and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina . Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina and a member of the Portugal National Football Team . AEK Athens F.C. ' s ground is in Athens , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens , where AEK Athens F.C ' s ground is situated . AEK Athens F.C ' s grounds are in Greece and obviously they play in the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece and ground is in Athens . AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C . AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C . Frank de Boer is attached to the club FC Barcelona and is the manager of AFC Ajax . Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team and manages the AFC Ajax team . AFC Ajax , full name , " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " has 53502 members . AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season , the team has 53502 members . Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based . Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , where Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant . Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members . The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) which has 5000 members , is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season . The AFC Ajax amateurs ( Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ) played the 2014-2015 season in the Topklasse . AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan is the ground of AZAL PFK . AZAL PFK , in the Azerbaijan Premier League , play their home games at the AZAL Arena . AZAL PFK Bakou , whose ground has a capacity of 3500 , played in the Azerbaijan Premier League , 2014–15 . John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for AFC Ajax . John van den Brom , manager of AZ Alkmaar , plays for De Graafschap . John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş . AZ Alkmaar , who has 17023 members , played in the 2014 season . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , which is in Arapiraca . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league . Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members . Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members , he played in the 2011 season . Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena . Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and he has been the manager of A C Cesena . Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and has been the manager of A C Cesena . Barrow A.F.C. are the National League North Champions and A.F. . Fylde play in the same league . Fylde played in the National League North league of which Barrow AFC are the champions . Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and his club is FC Admira Wacker Modling . The manager of 1.FC Koln is Peter Stoger , who ' s club is FC Admira Wacker Modling . Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien and is the manager of . FC Koln . AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league in which Juventus FC have been champions . Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 , in Wheeler , Texas . Before he retired in June 1981 , Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 . Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 . Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA . Alan Shepard is an American citizen who was born in New Hampshire . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire but died in California . Senator Dianne Feinstein and Alan Shepard are both Californians . Alan Shepard was born on the 18th November 1923 in the United States . Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire has spent 13017 , 0 minutes in space . NASA ' s Apollo 14 mission crew included Alan Shepard . Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong represented by Chris Patten . Edwin . Aldrin who was born on 20th January 1930 , went on to be known as Buzz Aldrin . Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in the United States . Buzz Aldrin was selected to work for NASA in 1963 and has since retired . Elliot See was born in Dallas County , Dallas Texas . Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 , and was a student at University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See died in St Louis on February 28 , 1966 . Elliot See died in St Louis on February 28 , 1966. . Elliot See died in S . Louis on 1966-02-28 . In 1962 Elliot See , who died later in S . Louis , was selected by NASA . Elliot See passed away in St Louis . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , where the purple finch is a native bird . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , a state where one can find the purple finch bird . William Anders , who was born on the 17th of October 1933 , graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 . William Anders ( born on 1933-10-17 ) graduated from AFIT , M.S. in 1962 . William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) served as a Fighter pilot . William Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and had a title as the United States Ambassador to Norway . Th United States Ambassador to Norway , William Anders , served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 . Both William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members aboard Apollo 8 . Born on 17 October , 1933 , William Anders joined NASA in 1963 . Ajoblanco , containing the ingredient garlic , is from Spain . Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco , a dish from Spain . The dish of ajoblanco contains water it originates in Spain . Spaniards of Spain boasts the origins of the dish , ajoblanco . Ajoblanco has almond ( of the Rosales order ) as one of its ingredients . One of the ingredients used to make Ajoblanco is bread and it comes from Andalusia . An ingredient of Ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia , is garlic . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia and includes olive oil . Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia and it contains water . Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , from Italy . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce made with Pecorino Romano . Italy where Italian is spoken is also where amatriciana sauce originated . Italian is the language spoken in Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . A varient of amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper and chilli . Tomato is an ingredient of Amatariciana sauce and is a member of the order Solanales . An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is guanciale , the sauce comes from the Lazio region . Lazio ' s regional Amatriciana sauce includes Pecorino Romano . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and it contains banana leaf . Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia which has the currency of the Indonesian rupiah . Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the language spoken bears the name of the country . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo which commonly serves arem arem . Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia and it ' s leader is Joko Widodo . Arem arem comes from Indonesia where the language is known as Indonesian . Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and Pietro Grasso is it ' s leader . Tomatoes , of the order Solanales , are found in Arrabiata sauce . Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce , a dish from Rome . White rice is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain . White rice is used in Arros negre which is from Spain . Spaniards and Arros negre come from Spain . Arros negre originates from the Valencian community which is lead by Ximo Puig . The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia that ' s from the Malay Peninsula region . Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia . Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Asam pedas is a food that can be found there . Asam pedas is a common food found in Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesia and Malaysia . A food found in Java is ayam penyet which has fried chicken in it . Ayam penyet made in Java has fried chicken as the main ingredient . The main ingredients of the Indonesian dish known as Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' which comes from Malaysia . Fried chicken is an ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish of Ayam penyet . Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which comes from Singapore . Ayam penyet is from Singapore region where standard Chinese is spoken . Standard Chinese is a language of Singapore , where Ayam penyet is a traditional dish . If you ' ve heard of a Bacon Explosion you might not know that it was created in The United States and the main ingredient is actually bacon . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Native Americans are an ethnic group in USA which is the country of Bacon Explosion . English speaking United States boasts the Bacon Explosion . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama was once the leader . Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , whose leader is Barack Obama . Barack Obama is a leader of the United States which is home to the bacon explosion . Joe Biden and bacon explosion are both from the United States . Joe Biden is one of the leaders from the United States , where Bacon Explosion comes from . Bacon Explosion is from the United States and Paul Ryan is it ' s leader . Bacon Explosion includes sausage and bacon . The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are both bacon and sausage . Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredients are sausage and bacon . The United Kingdom are famous for their love of a Bacon Sandwich and the main ingredient is bread . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and condiments are ingredients used in them . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK . Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches and a variation of it is the BLT . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which has ketchup as one of the ingredients . Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is said to come from either France , United States or China . Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake is found in the U.S . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire . Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire and is where the Bakewell pudding is from . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dale . Patrick McLoughlin is one of the leaders of this region . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales where Bakewell pudding originates from . Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . You can serve a Bakewell pudding warm or cold . Bakso is made in China and it contains noodles . Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso , a dish from the country of Indonesia . Bandeja paisa , which has hogao in it , is typical Colombian cuisine . Colombian dish Bandeja paisa has Hogao as an ingredient . Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine . Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombian cuisine . Arepa is an ingredient in the Columbian cuisine Bandeja paisa . Avocado ( genus Persea ) is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa . Black pudding is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa . Bandeja paisa , which uses chorizo , is typical Colombian cuisine . Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and contains kidney beans . The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombia . Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of Columbian cuisine . Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales and is an ingredient in the dish Banjeda paisa . Barny Cakes originated in France ( led by Manuel Valls ) . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia and should be served hot . Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish . Shumai and Batagor are variations of the Siomay dish . Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines that contains beef . Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines . Batchoy is a Philippine dish that contains the ingredient pork . Vegetables are an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy , a dish from the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . The Moro people come from the Philippines , where Batchoy is served . Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines . Beef kway teow , containing sesame oil , is a dish in Indonesia . Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Bhajji comes from the country India , where Narendra Modi is the leader . Bhajji , containing vegetables , are found in the region of Karnataka . Bhajji includes vegetables as ingredients and comes from the Karnataka region . The dish bhajji is related to pakora which can be varied by using paneer . Bhajji is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . The binignit dish , which has coconut milk as an ingredient , can be found in the Philippines . Binignit and sandesh are both dessert . The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk . Binignit includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . Binignit includes sweet potato and ( as a main ingredient ) , taro . Binignit , a dish found in the Phillipines , contains sago as one of its main ingredients . The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , and it also includes coconut milk . Binignits main ingredient is sweet potato and also taro . Bionico is a food found in Mexico that contains raisins . Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , a food found in Mexico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is one of the local foods . Bionico , containing condensed milk , is a dish served for dessert . Bionico is served at the dessert course and it contains raisins . The desert Bionico , can be varied using cottage cheese . Arros negre is found in the region of Catalonia and the leader of the country is Carles Puigdemont . Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jakarta is the capital . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and Bakso comes from there . Jakarta , Indonesia is where Bakso originates . Asam pedas comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where Rome is the capital . Rome is the capital of Italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment . Ayam penyet is a food dish found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . Bhajji and pakora are related and cauliflower can be used as a variation in pakora . Batchoy comes from the Philippines , one of the languages used in the Philippines is Arabic . Batchoy comes from the Philippines and Arabic is one of the languages spoken there . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where one of the languages spoken is Philippine Spanish . Batagor is a variation of Shumai which is a variation of Siomay . Batagor and shumai ( and its variation of Siomay ) are kinds of the same dish . Shumai is a variation of Siomay and Batagor . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where Halimah Yacob is a leader . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain which is where Ajoblanco is from . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish . Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce . Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus who ' s leader is Jacob Bundsgaard . Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has the runway name 10R / 28L . Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselkab , has a runway length of 2776 . Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and has a runway length of 2777.0 meters . Abilene Regional Airportis 546 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt . Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Jones County , Texas . Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , has the location identifier ABI . The Abilene Regional Airport ' s identifier is ABI and it is 546 metres above sea level . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . The Adolfo Suarez madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and its runway length is 3500 . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , Spain . Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , Madrid . The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid is 3500.0 . Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is elevated 2988 feet above sea level . Located in Uttar Pradesh , Agra Airport has the ATA location identifier AGR . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader . Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Agra . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in country of Iraq . The Al Taqaddum air base serves Falluja . The runway length is 3684 . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , located in Iraq , is 3078.48 . The USAF , which fought in the Korean War , operates Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and operates the Al Asad Airbase . Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3992.88 and is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas where the Peoples Party ( Spain ) is the leader party . The capital of Alderney is Saint Anne and is served by the Alderney Airport . Alderney Airport serves Alderney , where the capital is Saint Anne . The Alderney Airport serves Alderney whose leader is Elizabeth II . Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497.0 , it is made of asphalt . Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . Allama Iqbal International airport , with a runway length of 3310.0 , is located in Pakistan . Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is a leader . Punjab , Pakistan , led by the Provincial Assembly , is the location of Allama Iqbal International Airport . Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab , Pakistan has a runway length of 3310.0. . Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and its first runway has a length of 9 , 001 feet . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . lpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , the airport is 210m above sea level . Alpena County Regional Airport is in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U.S.A. . Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway is known as number 18 . Amsterdam airport , Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam , the leader of which is Eberhard van der Laan . Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3400.0 metres . The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3500.0 . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , located in Haarlemmermeer , is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United States . The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13 , 123 feet , the airport is 159m above sea level . 5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport which is 159m a.s.l . The first runway at Angola International Airport is known as 5 and is 159 metres above sea level . Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport , which is located 159 metres above sea level . Angola International Airport can be found in Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province . Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , in the Luanda Province . Angola International Airport serves Luanda and it is 4000 in length . The Antwerp International Airport , which is 12 metres above sea level , is operated by the Flemish Government . The Antwerp International Airport , which is owned by the Flemish Region , is operated by the Flemish Government . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government . Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and its runway is 600 long . The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government which has jurisdiction in Flanders . The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport , as it is owned by the Flemish Region . The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works are the operators of Antwerp International Airport , which has a runway length of 1510.0 . Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0 and is operated by Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works . Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level . Appleton International Airport is at an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin . The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level , . The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has a length of 1960 feet . 03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand where the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae . The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , located in Auckland , New Zealand . Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland , New Zealand and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . The Civil Aviation Authority of Wellington , New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1 , 411 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport and ASB is the IATA identifier . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and it is 211 metres above sea level . Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 m above sea level . Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines , who are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport , is Turkmenbashi International Airport . Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 2989 metres . Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with its headquarters in New York . Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts . Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is headed by Stephen Dilts . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , in New Jersey . Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey . The Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport . Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United State . The Alpena County Regional Airport is located there . Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the state of Alba , Romania . The biggest river of India is the Gange . The AWH Engineering College is also located in India . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and the leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann . The motto of Acharya Institute of Technology , which has about 500 employees , is Nurturing Excellence . The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Archarya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 undergraduate students . The outlook ranking of the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63 , and the official school colours are blue , white and orange . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmusse . Denmark is the home of the School of Business Studies and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania , whose capital is Bucharest . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the European University Association . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is found in the city of Aarhus which has Magistrate as its government type . Mols is situated to the northeast of Aarhus where the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus , Denmark . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University , which has an academic staff size of 737 , has Thomas Pallesen as its Dean . School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 and the dean is Thomas Pallesen . The Latin name for the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University , which is affiliated with the European University Association , is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University takes 16000 students and is affiliated to the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has 16 , 000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association . The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has 16 , 000 students . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has 16000 students . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and can be found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania and erected in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which falls under the category of Contributing property , is in Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States at the Monocacy National Battlefield . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States . To the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania , where11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located , lies Carroll County , Maryland . The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument , made of bronze , in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 . The inauguration date of the bronze Ataturk Monument was July 27th , 1932 . Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is made out of red granite and white marble . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial made of red granite and white marble can be found in Azerbaijan . Dead Man ' s Plack is in England and one of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs . The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara . George Kapitan created the comic character Airman whose alter ego is Drake Stevens . The character April O ' Neal was created by Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman . April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird . Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character , Asterix , which is also known as Astérix . Rene Goscinny is a French national and also the creator of the comic character Asterix . Dick Dillin , the creator of Aurakles , is from the US . Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson . The creators of the comic character Ballistic were Michael Manley and Doug Moench . The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench . STV broadcast Bananaman starring Bill Oddie . Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman that was first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 . Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Graeme Garden . Tim Brooke-Taylor , originally from the U.K , starred in Bananaman . Duncan Rouleau and Steven . Seagle created Baymax . The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 which starred Ryan Potter . Created by Duncan Rouleau , Baymax , is a character in Big Hero 6 . The film Big Hero 6 , which stars Damon Wayans Jr , has a character called Baymax . The character Blockbuster was created by Garnder Fox and Carmine INfantino . The character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern . Both Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle were the creators of the comic character , Blockbuster . The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle . The creators of the comics character Blockbuster are Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle . The comic character Blockbuster was created by both Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino . Dan Mishkin created the comic book character Bolt while Gary Cohn is the creator of Bolf . Paris Cullins is an United States national that created the comic character " Bolt " . Bozo the Iron Man ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard and he was created by Goerge Brenner . George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man whose alter ego is Hugh Hazzard . Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by the American , John Buscema . The comic book character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman or the alter ego Black Knight , and was created by Roy Thomas . Baymax was created by American , Duncan Rouleau . Paul Gustavson is the creator of " The Arrow " , otherwise known as Ralph Payne . Arrow , otherwise known as Ralph Payne , was created by Paul Gustavson .